The Epstein case has many details and
open questions. Our timeline today
focuses on the key facts and
developments starting in March 2005 when
local police in Palm Beach, Florida,
began a probe into Epstein,
investigating reports of abusing victims
as young as 14. The local case led to
Epstein's indictment for a single count
of soliciting prostitution in 2006, not
the more serious alleged conduct. In
fact, a lead detective in the Palm Beach
office referred the case to the FBI to
look at the more serious crimes, and
those federal investigators began
probing allegations. In 2008, Epstein
reached a deal with the Bush
administration's federal prosecutors to
take that local Florida conviction for
soliciting prostitution with an adult
and a minor. Epstein got a lenient short
prison sentence and an unusual agreement
that the Bush DOJ would not prosecute
Epstein further or four of his
co-conspirators or any others. Bush DOJ
prosecutors also agreed to keep the deal
secret and not inform Epstein's victims
about it. A judge later found the Bush
DOJ secrecy deal was illegal, violating
those victims rights. So the facts show
from the start Epstein got this unusual
protection from the government in this
period a Republican administration Bush.
And Epste was a rich powerful figure. He
had ties to people in business and
politics. He hired a Republican
connected lawyer, former independent
counsel Ken Starr, and served just one
year in that deal. Now, another nine
years went by, and then the Miami Herald
reported an Epstein expose on the
allegations of his conduct and that Bush
era prosecutor who cut the sweetheart
deal. That investigative report gained
traction partly because of a tie to
Trump who promoted the very prosecutor
Alex Aosta to his cabinet. The headline
at the time hammering how a now Trump
official gave a serial sex abuser the
deal of a lifetime. And that public
pressure from the Herald drove a new
federal probe. Internal DOJ reviews
would show Aosta had poor judgment in
the case and that the blanket immunity
offers for Epstein and others were just
indefensible, leading to a fairly swift
federal indictment of Epstein on far
more serious sex trafficking charges.
And the pressure drove the original
prosecutor Trump had promoted Aosta to
resign around this time. And in a key
decision, a judge denied Epste bail,
forcing him to be incarcerated before
any trial. It was just over a month
later, August 2019,
when Epstein was found dead in his cell.
Situation was suspicious. Officials
there broke several protocols. Epste was
a high-profile detainee. He'd been
placed on suicide watch, which was then
quickly lifted. Guards failed to do
required inspections the very night of
his death. And a lot of questions were
hanging over all of this. So, let's go
even further ahead all the way up to
2019 and what happened after that
because key videos went missing. Trump
Attorney General Bar even admitting the
prison made mistakes then but claiming
that he personally reviewed prison video
which showed no one entering the cell.
And with Epstein dead, prosecutors
turned to a co-conspirator who might
have benefited from that original
Florida case being shut down. What I
told you about, they went ahead and
indicted Gelain Maxwell for helping
Epstein sex trafficking. a case brought
by a career prosecutor Moren Comey,
daughter of former FBI Director Comey,
and her work continued on when the Biden
administration took over. She won
Maxwell's conviction and this 20-year
prison sentence. Then during the 2024
campaign, the questions and theories
about Epstein's crimes and special
treatment were heating up on the right.
It was a problem for Trump given that he
promoted the original prosecutor, that
he oversaw the DOJ, which failed to
answer questions or have transparency
about whatever happened in that prison
cell. So Trump tried to go on office
thawing to declassify and release
Epstein's files, and his attorney
general took over that message and
advanced it in office. now infamously
claiming that she had the client list on
her desk, which she later contradicted
because shortly after the DOJ released
an alternate video from the prison,
but the key video that shows Epstein's
cell door is either lost or hidden. It's
never been released. And Bondi released
the now infamous memo that said they
wouldn't provide any other Epstein
documents. So Bondie went from saying
there was a client list to there wasn't.
She was lying then or lying now. The DOJ
memo then said there was no other
Epstein info that was going to be
released which ignited that firestorm of
criticism we all live through. And given
the broken vows that couldn't hold.
Trump soon contradicted his own DOJ's
memo and saying he would try to get
grand jury material released. But those
are limited transcripts. A lot of the
big Epstein information is in the Trump
DOJ. they could release it any time. One
judge has denied this. And as the Trump
administration's contradicting claims
drew more heat on its secrecy, the DOJ
then sent this former Trump criminal
defense attorney to interview Maxwell in
prison and then transferred her to a
better prison, an apparent reward for
the one person doing any time for
Epstein's indicted federal crimes. your
reaction to this reporting about the
apparent unusual or special treatment
for Maxwell?
>> It's offensive to the survivors. You
know, the survivors are at the center of
this and they often get forgotten. They
were in the front of the steps of the
capital. They talked about being abused
and raped at the age of 13 or 14, about
having to go recruit other junior high
girls knowing that they would get abused
by Maxwell and Epstein. And they found
it so outrageous that there was any talk
of giving Maxwell lenient treatment
given what she had done uh to those uh
women. And so I just on an emotional
level I'm outraged by this and I don't
understand how this has become a
partisan issue. You have survivors who
are saying that they want justice.
the administration
doesn't seem to care about the
substance, the ethics as you've put it,
or a term they they throw around a lot
in in Washington, the quote optics. Uh
because as we reported, they rushed uh
to respond to that unusual interview
with this special treatment transfer. Uh
can the Congress do anything about that?
>> We absolutely can. And the first thing
we need to do is to have the full
release of the Epstein files. And here's
the state of play on that. We have 217
signatures. We need one more signature
to force a vote in the House of
Representatives. It's an open secret
that if we get that vote in the House of
Representatives, you will have 50 60
more Republicans defect because they're
not going to vote uh against the release
of the file.
>> What do they call they call that log
rolling or something where in the
Congress it's like everyone's ducking it
and then if it happens, everyone jumps
on it.
>> Exactly. You know the you know the
terminology, but you have so you we've
got Adalita Grahova who a few weeks ago
wins her election in Arizona. It's not
close 70 to 30. It's a blowout election
and for the past two and a half weeks
since September 23rd the Congress has
literally been shut down. We didn't come
back to vote on the pay for troops for
which is ending on Wednesday, but the
president had to rearrange money at the
DoD just to pay the troops. Why are we
shut down during the Congress? For one
simple reason. Mike Johnson does knows
that the day we have votes, Adalita
Grahova gets sworn in and then we have a
218 signature and we get the vote in the
Epstein files. So, we're going to get
this uh done.
>> Yeah, just to slow you down. You're
saying once once that's sworn in and
you're back in regular order post
presumably post shutdown, then you all
but have the votes. Once we once we have
votes whether it's during the shutdown
or after the shutdown that day at leva
becomes the 218 signatory and then seven
legislative days after that we can force
a vote uh in the congress and the and we
will have the votes on the files. But
they want what they're hoping and
they've hope hoped this time and again
when they shut down the congress during
the recess is they're hoping if they
just delay this maybe this issue goes
away.
>> Yeah. And you said I said log rolling.
You said seven legislative days, a type
of day. So, we're both we both get one
strike on jargon, sir. Uh, let me turn
your attention to the CBS report, which
was pretty astounding from an
investigative view. Uh, no indication
that when the Trump, BOP, and DOJ went
in there, when Epstein was first found
dead, that they ran fingerprints or DNA
tests inside the cell. Um, so that's the
evidence response team. They didn't uh
according to the documents reviewed by
CBS ever run those tests. Is that
suspicious? Uh and when we look at this
misconduct, I want to be very clear with
viewers. There could be mistakes and
failures by the then Trump uh Bureau of
Prisons that don't involve Epstein being
killed. That's one of the questions
under investigation. Um but could have
just involved other failures that they
didn't have a lot of interest in getting
into. So they didn't really do a
thorough probe. That's the implication
of CBS. At the same time, as you know,
the DOJ then was under Democratic
control for four years. The Inspector
General report, as I understand it, was
ultimately finished uh under the Biden
era. Uh and it doesn't seem, from what
we can tell, that either uh either party
running the DOJ at the time has been
very thorough about this, been, shall I
say, interested in whether it ultimately
uh found errors of any kind by the
government, which is why we don't
usually trust the government to in uh
investigate itself. uh your response on
that and specifically on the Biden DOJ
part?
>> Well, there obviously questions and I
don't think anyone is saying the DOJ
under Biden, under Trump or frankly uh
for decades since these women haven't
had justice has done a good job. That's
why people are saying, "Let's have the
release of the files." I mean, the the
survivors who I've gotten to know now
personally have been denied justice from
the first time that Jeffrey Epstein got
a slap on the wrist plea deal. and they
they've not been consulted by Justice
Department lawyers. They are asking for
these files to be released. Some of
>> Why is that as compared to other other
important crimes that get prosecuted? Do
you have a a core answer of why?
>> I I think they're rich and powerful
people who were involved and uh they
they think that they basically had one
system of justice and didn't get get
care about these women's stories. So,
you're saying it's it's as bad as it
looks and