Masturbation starts in private, but it
doesn't always stay that way. Perhaps it
began as a quick release in the shower,
part of your daily routine, but now it's
become sneaking away at family
gatherings. Or maybe it's missing work
meetings or even being caught by someone
that you love. I've seen this happen to
the men I work with over and over. What
starts as a secret escalates almost
every time. It escalates until it takes
over your brain, your relationships, and
your future. This is video number one in
my eightpart masturbation trap series.
If you want to know how masturbation can
hijack your brain and end up changing
your life, stay with me. And if you
think that can't happen to you, keep
watching. Okay, take Ryan, a 24year-old
client of mine. What began as a weekly
then daily habit escalated into hours
and hours of masturbation every single
night. It helped him sleep. But what he
didn't realize is desensitization was
happening in his brain. So he had to
keep scrolling, keep clicking, keep
looking for something to give him the
rush that he had before. He was on the
hunt. He had to find something
different, more extreme just to make him
feel that same ignition. Before he knew
it or really realized it, hours were
gone at a time. He even began showing up
to work late, missing meetings. In fact,
his boss had to pull him aside and tell
him that his job performance was
slipping and it was at risk. Ryan
admitted to me after admitting to
himself he couldn't stop. He didn't want
to keep being caught in this loop, but
he didn't know how to get out. That's
not stress relief. That's compulsion.
That in fact is a hijacked brain. We've
been told that masturbation is no big
deal. Actually, some people say it's
healthy for you, an amazing stress
reliever. But in my program, I see the
damage in men's brains all the time. It
keeps them going back for more. That's
why I created my online program to help
them break free. Neuroscience tells the
truth. Every climax floods your brain
with dopamine, the feel-good chemical of
motivation back for more pleasure where
you're finding it. Pair that with porn,
fantasy, and novelty, and now you've got
supernormal stimulation.
It's stimulation far beyond what your
brain evolved to handle. Over time, your
brain learns to crave that artificial
intensity, and it no longer registers
healthy, engaging intimacy as anything
to look forward to. So, when Ryan said
he didn't want to keep doing it, he was
right. Without him realizing it, his
brain had been miswired
to go back to that artificial intensity
of the fireworks. Then everything else
in his life felt silent. Okay, let me
ask you this. Do you think our culture
has lied to us about masturbation being
healthy? Yes or no? Drop it in the
comments. I read every single one. I've
had young men tell me that they've snuck
away at family gatherings or even at the
mall to relieve the urge that they felt.
They felt that craving even greater than
their ability to control it. And they
felt terrible about it. The compulsion
was stronger than their control. That's
exactly what a hijacked brain looks
like. We know that when those circuits
are hijacked, you no longer have control
over those behaviors and at the same
time it pushes you into a shame cycle.
Shame is the lowest level energy. It
makes you think I'm a terrible person.
Just above it is guilt. Guilt is I'm
doing something that I don't want to.
Shame takes you down. Guilt propels you
forward. Shame locks the brain in
rumination and self-attack.
On the other hand, guilt activates
problemolving and empathy, moving you in
the right direction. Shame paralyzes,
but guilt forges the path forward toward
change. This is why secrecy keeps men
trapped. It's also why bringing the
challenge into the light becomes so
critical for change and success. Bnee
Brown says that shame corrods the very
part of us that thinks change is
possible. This video is just the
beginning. It's the first in an
eight-part series. I'm going to show you
how dopamine has hijacked those reward
circuits in your brain. how the bonding
chemicals have been distorted, why you
lack self-control,
and why you may struggle with
performance. This is just the start. And
then, of course, I'm going to show you
precisely step by step how to take
control of your brain back. So, don't
just stop here. Watch the entire series.
It will help you reclaim your brain,
your relationships, and even your
future. Watch these videos like your
life depends on it because it just
might. Masturbation isn't harmless. It's
a trap. And once it gets you, it might
take you further than you could have
ever imagined. In episode two, I'm going
to show you exactly what happens in your
brain every time you do it. I'm going to
show you why dopamine is the reason you
keep going back and why intimacy feels
so flat. Don't miss it. Click the video
for episode number two coming on the
screen now. Hit like so more men hear
this truth. Subscribe so you don't miss
this series and share your story in the
comments. Hearing it may inspire another
person to move towards