What's up, guys? It's Dan from Coinbot
Trading. Today, we're going to talk
about why I got things wrong in Q3 and
why I think the cycle top is still
closer than people think. This is the
kind of content that you enjoy. And be
sure to smash that like button,
subscribe to the channel, and ping that
notification bell. Before we get
started, do keep in mind that nothing in
this video's financial advice is just my
personal analysis of the crypto market.
Your analysis could be different. And if
it is, that's awesome because the more
difference of opinion that we have, the
better traders and the better investors
we're all going to become. I'll actually
start off guys by showing you a chart.
This is the S&P 500 on the monthly. And
a few months ago, basically since the
spring, uh I've been basically
predicting that we would see a massive
rally uh in stocks and in crypto. If I
was to tell you guys that the S&P 500
would be pushing on 7,000 in this
massive uh green candle here in
September, uh where would you guess that
Bitcoin and the rest of the crypto
market would be? Probably at all-time
highs, right? And of course, that was
basically my guess. Uh, and of course,
uh, it didn't really turn out that way.
But I do think that that cycle top rally
is coming. And before you type in the
comments, oh, well, it was obvious, you
know, September is seasonally bad and
whatever. Well, Bitcoin is looks like
it's going to close. I'm filming this a
little bit in advance, but it looks like
Bitcoin is going to close September in
the green, which is actually something
that I had predicted uh in one of my
videos. So, I guess I I got that call
right that September would close in the
green for Bitcoin and actually for the
total crypto market cap as a whole. The
simple reason being guys is that the
reason why September is seasonally bad
has to do with institutional flows and
most of the flows in the market right
now are from retail. So my hypothesis
was that because most of the flows are
from retail, any institutional
rebalancing effects after summer that
typically cause this draw down in
September are either going to be muted
or non-existent. And the result is that
we did see against stocks blast off to
new all-time highs and even Bitcoin uh
closing green uh in the month of
September where both stocks and Bitcoin
should have been down. Uh anyways, uh
with that out of the way, I will read
once again uh from a research feed post.
Again, this is all filmed in advance. I
also let this know kind of earlier to
our Coin Bureau Club members, and I'll
I'll read off this research feed post.
So, I was wrong about the Q3 cycle top,
but the cycle is not over yet. Uh today
is the final day of Q3, uh and though
this post, and in this case, this video
is written in advance. I think it's
pretty much guaranteed that the top
won't be in on September 30th, uh this
officially invalidates my Q3 cycle to
top thesis. But I reckon it's extremely
important to explain why I was so dead
set on a Q3 cycle top right until the
end and why I still strongly believe the
crypto market is likely to top in the in
the next 6 to 8 weeks. There are
multiple indicators I've been tracking
to get a sense of when crypto could top.
These four are are arguably the most
important and also the most
straightforward. Since July 2nd, the DXY
has been on the brink of a second leg
lower in its most uh recent downtrend.
Historically speaking, a second leg
lower in a DXY downtrend corresponded to
an altcoin season and the cycle top.
Since August 15th, 2025, the Russell
2000 has been on the brink of a massive
breakout. Historically speaking, a
breakout in the Russell 2000
corresponded to an altcoin season and
eventually the cycle top. Since July
20th, 2025, altcoin indices such as
others, Total 2 and Total 2, excluding
stable coins, have been on the brink of
a massive multi-year breakout.
Historically speaking, these breakouts
correspond to altcoin seasons and cycle
tops. Since July 14th, 2025, Bitcoin
dominance has been breaking down from a
technical perspective, specifically on
longerterm time frames like the monthly.
Historically speaking, Bitcoin dominance
breakdowns on longerterm time frames
corresponded to altcoin seasons and
cycle tops. Uh these indicators have all
been flashing an imminent rally for
almost 3 months. Like you can see since
early July for most of them, basically
since July for August in the case of the
Russell 2000. So again, these indicators
have all been flashing an imminent rally
for around for almost 3 months, but
never managed to get that confirmation.
This has been extremely frustrating, but
it's not bearish. That's simply because
all of these indicators are still in
bullish territory. They're still on the
brink of confirmation. This means a
cycle top should come sooner than later.
I now expect Bitcoin to top in October
and most altcoins to top by early to mid
November. And again, this is a post I
did in the research feed uh in the Coin
Bureau Club, which is where we do deep
dives into small cap altcoins every
single week. The way we pick those
altcoins is based on whichever altcoins
our members vote on. And we have a
research feed where I'm sharing insights
like this. A team portfolio page where
you can find the cryptos that we hold as
well as the cryptos we're considering
buying. An exclusive deals page where
you can find uh discounts on research
crypto research platforms and stuff like
that. And the members Discord where you
can ask us questions and a whole bunch
of fun stuff like that. And of course,
I'm sure that one of the first questions
I'm going to get here uh when it comes
to, you know, me saying that there's
going to be a rally in the next 6 to 8
weeks. You might be thinking, "Oh, well,
it's going to be some multimonth thing."
But uh in case you guys haven't noticed,
if you look historically, especially
when it comes to altcoins, uh in this
case, we're looking at others, you can
see that the final blowoff top rally in
2017, it lasted for around 8 weeks. And
the last two rallies we saw in altcoins
in early 2024 and late 2024, these
lasted for exactly 6 weeks or I guess
closer to 5 weeks honestly in in some of
these cases. So, when I'm drawing out
this kind of like a bar here, which of
course I've been consistently pushing it
back, uh, because of course you can see
basically since July 7th or since July
15th, uh, you can see that we've been
waiting for a breakout of others to
happen here and it's just been chopping
sideways, which from a technical
perspective is actually good because
that means that, you know, once it does
break out, there's a lot more room to
run in terms of like RSI because you've
reset positioning and sentiment. But all
of that aside, uh the point is that once
we get a breakout out of this kind of,
you know, well, out of others and
whatever, whether you're looking at
total 2 or 2 ES, once we get a breakout,
that rally is probably only going to
last for around 6 to 8 weeks, simply
because that's the length of the rallies
we've seen so far this cycle. And it's
also consistent with the length of
rallies that we saw in previous cycles
outside of 2020 and 2021, which I would
argue was more of an anomaly. You had
people sitting at home. They had more
time to pay attention to crypto. And the
result is that you saw this lawn. You
saw this a big drawn out rally. It had
nothing to do with the STEMI checks.
Subsequent research found that less than
like 0.01 or 0.02% of STEMI checks went
into crypto. So it had nothing to do
with the STEMI checks. Uh global money
supply, everything, all this money
printing is still happening. Now you can
see retail investors speculating in
stocks at record levels that are like,
you know, two or three times higher uh
than in 2020 and 2021. In the case of
options and penny stocks, all the
trading volumes and everything is way
higher than 2020 2021 right now. So that
tells you that a shortage of money stim
checks is not the reason why there's
been this underperformance. It's
basically just been a lack of attention.
And again, once that attention comes,
it's probably going to be fleeting. It's
only going to last for around 6 to 8
weeks because that's what we've seen
historically even within this cycle. And
as I mentioned earlier, guys, uh,
altcoin seasons, historically speaking,
corresponded to breakouts in the Russell
2000 because there's lots of overlap
between small cap stocks and altcoins.
And you can see that right now we're
seeing a breakout very similar to late
2020. And it's basically, you know, any
day now that we should see a basically
meltup in the Russell 2000 and a
corresponding meltup in altcoins. Uh,
and again, if you look at the length of
this uh rally, it only lasted for around
2 months before it kind of topped out
and then started chopping. And again,
this whole kind of chop and distribution
was arguably also an artifact of the of
the basically 2020 2021 pandemic
conditions where everyone was locked
down at home and had more time to pay
attention to things like stocks and
investing. Uh and then again also on the
DXY uh you guys will already know from
this chart earlier this week, first leg
lower in the DXY corresponds to Bitcoin
rally. Then you get a little bit of
chop. Then you get a second leg lower
that corresponds to altcoin season. Uh
this chart is still in the process of
potentially breaking down here. And you
can see that basically since the last
week of June, uh, we've been waiting for
the DXY to get that second leg lower.
And, you know, hopefully by the time you
see this video, the second leg lower has
already started be because of a
government shutdown or something else.
Um, but hopefully that second leg lower
has started. Uh, so we will be getting,
you know, the start of that altcoin
season, uh, you know, in October, which
is, you know, now by the time you see
this video. Last but not least, guys,
uh, Bitcoin dominance. And again, like,
you know, who knows, maybe this will age
very badly and by the time you see this
video, Bitcoin dominance will be higher.
But just no matter how many times I
analyze this chart, I know that like Ben
Cowan and many people are saying that
Bitcoin dominance is going to bounce.
But no matter how many times I analyze
this chart, there is going to be at
least one more leg lower before there's
any significant bounce. You know, if
we're if if the equivalent of where we
are now is like in February 2025, like
you can think of like the inverse, like
we're looking at some kind of head and
shoulders pattern here. No matter which
way you look at it, it looks like that
that Bitcoin dominance is going to keep
heading down, at least in the short
term. But again, when you zoom out to
the monthly, you guys can see that once
Bitcoin dominance starts going down, it
goes down only. The one caveat and one
thing that's actually really interesting
is if we throw on the Ballinger bands,
which you guys know are my favorite
indicators. You can see that uh the that
Bitcoin dominance basically caught some
support around the Ballinger band moving
average around 58, you know, close to
it's like 58.66. So, let's say 59 57,
sorry, 59%, you know, somewhere in that
neighborhood. So, it's interesting that
of course Bitcoin dominance saw a little
bit uh of a of basically catching
support here around this level. But if
you if you were just to look at this
from a purely technical perspective on
the monthly, you got a drop down to key
support level and then what comes next?
A continuation lower of that bare flag,
right? And a continued drop in uh in
Bitcoin dominance that's probably going
to last, you know, in this case probably
into October. Uh but the key takeaway
here being guys is that all of these
indicators again, they're still on the
brink of a breakout. The reason why I
was so dead set since the spring was
because since the spring I knew we would
get a rally to these key levels whether
it was you know in the in the Russell
2000 or in others uh and of course like
I said we can see that in stocks like
stocks were just completely powering
higher and you know this idea of like
the S&P 500 you can even see here this
is a chart that I had drawn out for a
while I was expecting the S&P 500 to
rally up to around 6900 basically by
September that's exactly what happened
and lo my logical kind of analysis there
was like well then that's probably going
to translate to a cycle top in Bitcoin
or in altcoins or in both. Um and of
course it's also consistent with
Bitcoin's historical cycles. If you
follow like um what's his name there?
Peter Brandt was saying that like
historically speaking based on time
between u um havingss uh and uh and
other cycle tops and whatever else you'd
be looking at a time frame somewhere in
like like early to mid maybe late
September. And now of course we're
entering October. But it doesn't change
the fact that all these indicators are
still on a breakout uh on the brink of a
breakout. And given the historical
length of these rallies once the
breakouts start, you're not going to be
dealing with something that is lasting
multiple months. You'll be dealing with
something that is lasting at the most uh
2 months. And I'm glad that there are
some other traders who see this and that
I'm not the only one. But just keep that
in mind is that when you start to see
that parabolic move higher, just start,
you know, counting it down. And of
course, I will be keeping track of all
these indicators. And I'll let you guys
know when I start to see them breaking
out. And I'll let you know when that
timer has started. And hopefully when
that timer has ended, uh, that's going
to be a whole other adventure, I'm sure.
Uh, anyways guys, if you did make it
this far and you did find that
information helpful, then be sure to
smash that like button, subscribe to the
channel, ding that notification bell,
and I'll see you in the next