[Music]
Hey.
Hey. Say
[Music]
>> hello.
>> Oh
>> Oh, sorry both. I did not know Satan was
sleeping. Yeah, that's all he ever does
anymore.
>> Poor B. If you're going to jack off,
shall I fetch your camera rag?
>> I wasn't jacking off.
>> Sure thing, both. I'll go get your
camera.
[Music]
>> What is taking you so long?
>> I'm very close to finding the secret of
the numbers. I've narrowed it down to
one little boy who seems more possessed
than the others.
>> Then deal with him and keep it quiet.
Nobody can know that we are working
together.
>> When I become president, I will give you
full access to everyone's deter.
>> I've already spoken with the mother and
I'm on my way now to face the child.
>> That was a clip from the latest South
Park, which has effectively dedicated
this entire season to fileing Trump and
his administration. And I understand
that this might seem insignificant and
in a normal world a cartoon criticizing
the government would be insignificant.
But this isn't a normal world. This is a
world where the president and this White
House have fallen over themselves to
make sure that not a single word of
disscent is uttered against them. And
the sad reality is that in large part it
does seem to be working. We have watched
as cowards across every facet of society
from law firms to universities to tech
CEOs to media companies have all
capitulated to the desperate demands of
this administration which only further
underscore the need for those who are
willing to take the risk of speaking
out. I've said this before and I'll say
it again. When a company like ABC News
or CBS or Paramount or Disney bends the
knee to Trump, they're not just helping
themselves in that moment. They are
making the national environment that
much more difficult for everyone else.
They are emboldening Donald Trump to
think, "Hey, look how easy it was to get
them to roll over for me. I'll bet it'll
be just as easy the next time and the
next time and the next time and the
next." And frankly, he's been right.
Owed entirely to the weakness and the
fecklessness of these institutions that
would rather capitulate to a tyrant than
stand up for themselves and their
constitutional rights. And frankly, most
of it has to do with money. Disney cowed
to illegal pressure by Trump's FCC to
censor a comedian who made fun of Deer
Leader. Why? Well, NextStar Media Group
is the largest provider of local news in
the country and operates ABC affiliate
stations in dozens of markets across the
United States. Nextar was seeking FCC
approval for a $6.2 billion merger with
a company called Tegna. At the same
time, you've got the federal government
demanding a ransom for everything and
making it perfectly clear where they
stand on these late night hosts who dare
criticize Donald Trump. Trump himself
literally posted onto truth social, I
absolutely love that Colbear got fired.
His talent was even less than his
ratings. I hear Jimmy Kimmel is next. Is
that clear enough for everybody? And
guess what? That is exactly what
happened. And because these companies
like NextStar and ABC and CBS and
Paramount and Washington Post and Meta
are all so overleveraged and desperate
to grab even more cash, more influence,
more power, they continue to capitulate
to Donald Trump at every turn. And the
cost of that is that we all are now less
safe because we all now live in a
country where the president feels
emboldened to commit more of these acts
with impunity. ABC's decision, for
example, to pull Kimmel show off the air
didn't just hurt Kimmel. It gave Trump
cart blanch to feel that his autocratic
behavior is somehow acceptable. That
hurts all of us. ABC and these other
outlets are hurting all of us. All
because they need another buck because,
god forbid they didn't focus solely on
more money, more growth, more
shareholder value. God forbid. To that
end, I can promise you all watching one
thing from my part. I will never be
bought. I will never stop speaking out.
I am not owned by some money grubbing
corporate entity that needs something
from the federal government. I'm 100%
independent and independent media
clearly has never been more important.
So, if you'd like to support my work,
which is and always will be 100% free,
please subscribe to this channel. And I
hope that the rest of the media outlets
and corporations and law firms and
universities understand that by
capitulating to Trump, you are not
plating him. You're not satisfying him.
You are not buying him off. You are just
showing him that you're weak. You're
showing him that you can be extorted.
You're showing him that if and when he
wants to do this again, and he will want
to do this again, that he'll be able to
do it without a problem. And I can
assure you, he won't stop with Kimmel,
just like he didn't stop with Co Bear,
like he didn't stop with ABC News and
CBS and the New York Times and 60
Minutes. All of these cowardly media
conglomerates are not understanding that
you do not buy Trump off. You buy
yourself a little bit of time. That's
it. And eventually he comes back because
he knows that you are weak and you stand
for nothing. And the only thing more
pathetic than bowing down to this
thin-kinned autocrat is your collective
inability to recognize that he will
never be satisfied. So in my advice to
every other American institution that
may at any point find itself in Trump's
way, wake the up, recognize the
moment we're in, and for sake,
stand for something. Stand for anything.
Anything that isn't money. Now, we all
have a few jobs here. A support the
South Parks of the world because
laughing at these fascist
pierces the illusion that they're all
powerful and beyond reproach. To Trump's
dismay, we still live in a free country.
We still have the First Amendment and we
will never stop criticizing these small
thin-kinned autocrats who are
trying to end our democracy. B. Do not
turn away. Republicans want you to feel
that their takeover is a done deal. It
is not. They are not immune to pressure.
They are not unaccountable. The reason
they try so hard to suppress our voices
is because they know precisely how
powerful they are. So do not forget to
use them. Remember, they derive their
power from the optics that they have
total control. So don't give them the
pleasure of thinking that they have it.
And C, join me and millions of Americans
this weekend, October 18th, Saturday, at
the No King's Day protest. Because while
corporate America may be too cowardly to
stand up for any of their own purported
values, while corporate America may be
focused solely on placating the powers
that be so that their bottom line is
protected, while corporate America will
exacerbate the demise of our democracy
if it means they can make even one more
buck, what this administration can't buy
off is regular people. And what they
can't ignore are millions upon millions
of us taking to the streets. That is why
they're so afraid of this protest
because they have no power to control
it, to quell us into submission. Whether
it's simple acts of defiance like
watching a cartoon criticizing the
government or everyday people marching
in the streets, these are the acts that
make this country what it is. These are
the acts that make this country great.
And we all have the power to do
something as Mark Elias explains to me
here. And there is still a right to
peaceful protest and to re to seek
redress of our grievances with our
government officials and to use our
voice uh uh to speak out. And so, you
know, I know that that that is cold
comfort to a lot of people and it is
very scary to many many people. But, you
know, courage doesn't come from not
being afraid. It comes from overcoming
that fear. And right now, we all need to
have a little courage. We all need to be
willing to stand up uh and to speak out
and you know whatever scary term that
Donald Trump applies to it um we need to
recognize that he is still not a king
which is why this rally is so
frightening to him because it is it it
is about no kings and and you know I'm
not going to ask you to play all those
clips but you know just look at the
freakout among all of these Republicans
all of these Republican leaders to the
idea that there is going to be a rally
in which we say no kings as if somehow
you know saying that in the United
States of America which was founded on a
revolution against kings that that that
that that that is somehow you know uh
unpatriotic. It is anything but that. It
is very patriotic. And so you know I
these are very tense times. These are
very scary times. They are they are
depressing times uh uh uh for for many
of us uh often. But you know every day I
ask myself okay you know with all of
that true what am I going to do today?
What am I going to do to stand up and
fight for democracy? And some days it
means I go to court. Some days it means
I record a video with you, Brian. Some
days I record other things. I write for
democracy docket. And some days I just
I'm like I don't have any of that in me.
And so I'm just going to post something
on social media or I'm going to text a
friend and say, "Hey, you know, you
ought to you ought to think about doing
something today." So, you know, whether
you are going out on Saturday to protest
at a at a rally peacefully, or whether
you can't or you're afraid to, there's
something you can do. So again,
recognize the agency that you all have
and use it because if it didn't make
such an impact, Trump wouldn't be
working so hard to take that power away.
[Music]
Before you go, if you enjoyed this
content and you want to see more and
support independent media, please
subscribe to this channel. The subscribe
button will be right here on the screen.
But second, the reality is that we are
now in a political environment where
this administration can lean on any of
the social media platforms to suppress
certain voices if they don't like
critical coverage. That means my
longevity here is in the hands of a few
tech billionaires who are already making
it clear that they are willing to cater
to this administration. To that end,
signing up for my newsletter is a way
for me to reach you directly if that
ever becomes necessary. I'll put the
link right here on the screen as well.
So, please sign up. It's free, but
there's also an option to do a paid
subscription if you'd like to support me
and my team. I really appreciate it.