Every great golf swing ends with power,
but it's the balance that tells the
truth. Most golfers lose posture, fall
off the shot, and never realize that the
finish exposes everything. In this
video, I'll show you how to hold that
perfect finish, chest up, eyes through
the target, and feel what it's like to
swing with total control and pure strike
every single time. So many of my clients
ask me, "How do you stay in posture
after you hit the golf ball?" The
balance you show with your golf swing is
nothing short of revolutionary. Well, I
say I'm just really, really good at
golf. I lie. I'm absolutely not good at
golf. But what I am good at is really
understanding what needs to occur
through strike to give you the
compression and the ball striking that
you are always looking for. But not only
that, the balance to give you the
repetition. There is a very very
important angle that we need to
interpret that's going to allow you to
hold that finish and hold that posture
and hit the golf ball straight
all of the time. That angle is delivery
angle and takeaway angle. What do I mean
by delivery and takeaway angle? when we
set up to the golf ball. And the angle
that you can see shown here between the
club shaft and my arms is the angle that
we need to see in takeaway and the angle
that we need to see in delivery. That
gives us the best possible chance to hit
down,
line the path up, and line the face up.
Another lucky shot for the coach.
If you've watched enough of my content,
you may realize
I'm a grip pervert. Yes, that's right.
I'm a grip pervert because the grip is
the weigh in to all of the techniques,
all of the mastery that my channel is
giving you on a weekly basis. Go check
out my grip video and go check out my
broom video. These are two masterpieces,
if I may say so myself, that will give
you insight into what's needed in the
grip and the ability to hold posture and
get rid of that all important early
extension. When you move the golf club
away,
the grip, the butt end has to take the
load. See it in the same way as a power
lifter taking the strain or if you're on
the pan and you've had a curry the night
before.
When you take the strain,
the club head
is in the air and I'm just going to lift
the club head above the golf ball. I've
got load in the butt of the golf club.
I've also got load through my right arm.
So, at this point, both of my shoulders
in a very small way has been activated.
And when we start to now hover the golf
club off the floor, I can feel that
exact same pressure through my grip.
Then I take the golf club away. And the
pressure in which I'm pushing my left
hand down and pushing my or pulling my
right hand up now gets the club head up
and keeps the club head from working
inside. What this also does is when I'm
pushing down with my lead hand, it's
allowing me to get that kink that I like
to see at the address position. The
minute you start to lose that kink, you
will start to close the club face
and start to hit the golf ball left.
Now, for many for many, bowing of the
wrist is a really nice idea,
but that's only needed if you've got
yourself a crap grip
and you need to bow the wrist to hit the
golf ball somewhat straight and the
chances are you might still be left with
a slice. You will see on those two
shots, the path line was dead straight.
The face to path value though, one was
positive, one was negative. So you can
see that I change the grip, I bow the
wrist, I can still hit it, right? Or you
have a good grip found here and you can
cup your wrist and still hit it with a
beautiful draw. So that takeaway when
I'm pushing the pressure down through
the lead hand and I'm pulling the
pressure up through the trail hand gives
me the chance to now get this kink still
here in my lead hand. But not only that,
it allows me to now play off my trail
foot against my lead shoulder. Now all
of a sudden, look at how my right hip
starting to turn. Look at how my chest
is starting to turn, which is dragging
the grip inside,
but no sign of the club head inside.
Now, I'm going to take the golf club up
to the top. Now, if you've seen the
video that I released a few days ago,
you will understand why the grip needs
to come forwards, but let's not go there
with that. Let's talk about now I'm
thinking about how I can get this same
pressure down with the lead hand and up
with the trail hand to now start to feel
like the golf club can swing down
through strike. And when it can swing
down through strike, what you'll
appreciate is that you can still hit
down, still hit from the inside and have
a close face to path.
Now, for many, hitting down on the golf
ball is all about how far they can get
their grip ahead of the club head. But
in that demonstration I just showed you
there, when I get this left hand down
and this club head up, I'm able to feel
the golf club swing down at the bottom,
there is no driving of the handle there,
folks. Garbage. You can see that that
club head is swinging down through
strike. But because I've got the butt
down of the golf club, the club head up,
I can allow that golf club to swing and
I can still get a nice angle of attack
down. How does that work, Stuart? Well,
it's because you've never experienced
good golf coaching. So therefore, now
that I've got the butt much lower coming
into strike and the club head much
higher coming into strike, all of a
sudden we are unloading the golf club
more on this pitch
rather than this pitch. And this, my
friends, my pedigree chums, is the way
in to getting rid of your early
extension. Because if you start to put
your body into better postural angles
and you're still unloading the club
down, you're going to run out of room.
So therefore, when you're trying to
improve your early extension, if you're
not working on the push down pullup with
the two hands to create these angles
shown once again on the screen, you
won't be able to get yourself in a spot
where you can then hold your postural
angles, hit down, hit from the in, and
have a closed face to path. Because if
you push the butt of the grip down, you
will end up with a kink in your left
wrist. If you grip your golf club like a
turnip and then you push the butt of the
grip down, you're going to have a face
so open, you'll be hitting it into the
next town,
county, or state. So therefore, the grip
is your way in, your way in to being
able to put the pressure down on the
butt of the golf club and lift the club
head up, still having the grip work in.
Now the grip works in and out. I can now
get that butt pressure down that allows
the club head to stay up, line the face
up, and give me that angle of attack
that I'm looking for,
still allowing me to unload the golf
club
rather than
rather than driving the grip forwards to
make the angle of attack occur. which
now may get you an angle of attack, but
it leaves your face so far open that
you'll be hitting your seven irons like
your pitching wedge. So, you can't
create shaft lean in the way the masses
are asking you to create it without
having to bow your wrist like an
absolute lunatic. So, we need to
appreciate that the butt of the club,
left shoulder, trail foot, is trading
off of the right hand. Then we're
working it forwards and back down,
trading the lead hand once again off the
right hand, but now all of a sudden, I'm
now pushing that lead hand against my
lead foot to enable the club to swing.
And so it's really really important that
the get-go before you move the golf club
away,
you can feel the weight of the club in
your hands. So by putting the club head
up here
and now putting the pressure down, you
really get a very early sense of how
that golf club can be loaded.
Now, it's super important that you
recognize I'm simply giving you the
opportunity
to now return with a grip much lower
than you started with. You do not need
to change the lie angle on your golf
clubs. And I do not promote flat lie
golf clubs. All I'm doing is giving you
the opportunity to run turn yourself
back to
the start point at impact which is going
to give you the chance to hold your
posture and your shape in your through
swing. So hopefully you've learned that
the grip pressure in conjunction with
the grip position go hand in hand to
sort your takeaway out, to deliver the
golf club, to stop your early extension,
and to give you balance and allow you to
hit golf shots that look something like
that. Are you tired of paying too much
for your premium leather golf gloves?
Head over to gxgolfgloves.com.
These are gloves tried and trusted by
elite amateurs and tour players alike.
Enter my code good coaching to receive
10% off your next order. Go try them
out. You won't be disappointed. Thank
you so much for watching. Do consider
subscribing while you're here. And that,
my friends, is good coaching.
[Music]