How often do you step onto the tea with
driver thinking this is the time I'm
going to hit it a little bit further?
You stand on there. You put a lot more
effort into the shot and you gain maybe
a yard or two or worse still, the more
effort you put in, the more wild your
shots become. And the question is often
frustration more than anything else. How
do the best players make it look so
smooth, so silky, so effortless, yet
they're able to kind of hit it 300 yards
plus? What are they doing? I'm going to
share with you in this week's video some
of the things that you do to kind of
make this swing really relaxing but
super super smooth. But there's a
process to that. And in this week's
video, I want to share with you what I
share with my students to help them
build an effortless smooth swing that
they can take to a golf golf course and
really really enjoy. There's nothing
worse than having a swing that feels
awkward and cumbersome. And no matter
how hard you try, the worse it actually
gets. So that's what we're going to
cover in this week's video. Before I do
though, look, if you're new to the
channel, you're the first person of
mine. Please consider subscribing. I
release videos just like this one every
single week to try and help you improve
your game. Plus, you never have to
remember a thing. Everything we do here,
I'll put into a free download or
practice guide in the description box
below. So, by the end of this video, I
would love it if you were able to go
onto a golf course and really start to
enjoy the driver. More importantly,
enjoy the swing. It should feel great
hitting a driver. And that's the my aim
for you by the end of the session. So,
there's three stages to it, though. In
order for us to get to this smooth silky
motion, we have to follow each stage. We
can't just jump there. So the first
stage is about understanding how to
square this club face. How to get the
club face lined up at impact. And the
reason being is tall players have pretty
much mastered this and this allows them
to just naturally let the club swing
beautifully freely. The problem is with
amateur golfers is is what I see all the
time is they haven't mastered this skill
yet. So what happens is I show you an
example. This would be a smooth sw where
the club's just beautifully throwing
flowing through nice and easily. The
problem is if your club face is wide
open and you don't realize this, that
ball heads way out to the right, then
what your body does to react, it kind of
then starts to do this to react to that
on the next shot. Before you know it,
now suddenly you don't have that smooth
swing anymore because the smooth swing
led to this way shot over to the right,
big slice, right? So, we start to make
compensations and then the swing starts
to take on over weeks of doing this.
this kind of ugly kind of messy look,
right? So, the first thing I always
teach my students is I need to help them
build a skill and a feel of where this
club face is. So, the simplest way to do
this, and you can do this right now in
the comfort of your own home, understand
what your left hand and right hand are
doing. Right now, your lead hand is
basically responsible predominantly for
the club face position. So, if you put
your lead arm out like this, straight in
front of you here, all we're going to do
is simply this. This would be roughly a
square fist. This would be the face
closing downwards. Um, and this would be
an open face. So, this is more what you
call slice, straighter, draw. Simple,
right? This is the hand position. You
can just play around with the feeling of
this, right? Your trail hand is
ultimately the club path. So, people
that slice the golf ball tend to look
more like this. So, this would be this
motion where the hands flipping this
way. And see, my arm's coming outwards.
That would be slice. And this would be
more draw. So this would be more
neutral. That's more of a draw. The more
we get into here is draw. The more
that's more neutral. That's more slice.
Right? So you got a feeling of what
these hands are doing. Super simple,
right? So you go to a golf ball and you
don't worry about swing for a second.
You have to learn to feel this. And I'll
get my players hitting shots and I'll
get them curving the ball right to left
and left to right to give them a sense
of this club face. If you don't have
this, if you don't have feeling of this,
it doesn't really matter what you do in
the golf swing. Everything else is going
to adjust to what you face. If your face
is wide open, you're going to do some
weird stuff on the way down at square
it, right? We need to learn how to do
this naturally. So, let's take for
instance here, the right hand. So, when
I see a student for instance, um, who's
slicing the golf ball, they've been told
to close the face. But what they do is
they close the face like this. Now, the
problem is this is moving the path where
left of target. it gets this crumpled
look. We don't close the face with our
trail hand. We close it with our lead
hand. Right? So, what we want to do is
is we want to get we don't want the path
going this way because if I do that,
watch this. See, if I try and let this
club release now, my path is going to go
way
to the left and I'm going to have this
kind of big, look at this club path
minus 5.3 face with a pocket number
open. I create a bit of a slice. And I'm
trying what you see with a lot of
players trying to close the face down.
You don't do it with the trail hand. You
do it with the lead hand. Right? In
fact, the trail hand is the is the thing
that kind of determines the path your
club takes. So, if you're slicing it,
the more we get here, the more the path
is in a is out to the right, the more
we're into draw territory, right? But
also powerful territory. So, let's start
with the trail hand first. You learn
this feeling. Now, am I dragging it? No.
I'm feeling the timing. This club is
always look releasing. But look, if I
release it too early here, I'm my body's
too far behind the ball, it's going to
release like this. So I kind of keep
going until I can feel more of this
motion. So I'm striking the ball much
much more naturally like that. Now
listen to the sound of this when I do
that. So I'm just learning the feeling
look of this hand. Start small.
Nice and easy shot to start with.
And listen to the sound of this. It'll
go naturally much further. There you go.
Another 50 yards just on the back of
that. And what do you notice now? The
club path has gone through a positive. I
even I've even controlled my club face.
And that gives me a very very straight
shot that's got a pretty decent
distance. Yeah. Now we could do all of
that. Beautiful. Here. Now we're in
strike territory. The problem is the
golfers is they've got this brick.
Beautiful. But they haven't controlled
this. So now what they look like is
this. So I see a lot of people they've
they've been told this is a great thing.
gets powerful motion, but they haven't
got the feeling of this left hand. So,
they leave the face wide open and now
they look like this.
And now suddenly the ball starts to fly
further and further to the right because
the face is open, right? So, we're
getting a strike, but the ball's going
right. So, we need to kind of get a
sense of what both hands are doing. So,
all we do is remember those two things.
The lead hand controls the face. Play
around with it. So, if I was to before
we move on to step two, before you do
anything else, play around with these
sensations. I'm going to focus on my
lead hand here. And I'm going to close
the face by getting almost my my logo of
the glove pointing slightly more down
towards the ground. But I am not going
to close the face. Look
like this and ruining that position of
my right hand. I am feeling my right
hand here while my left glove turns down
to the ground. So this is an
exaggeration, but this is me feeling now
me closing the face.
Now watch this. It's really exaggerated
just for you, but I get people playing
with that club path, face to path, and
I've created that motion. People then
go, "Well, how do I make sure it's
exact, Danny?" You can't. It's the level
of precision in golf comes from a skill.
It's a skill that you build. You know,
golfers who try to be perfect at impact
are just wooden golfers trying too hard.
You have to build this feeling. So, when
I was doing these motions, I'm flowing
the club beautifully backwards and
forwards. Let's move on to step number
two. So, you've laid the foundations to
an effortless golf swing by learning to
how to square that face up very very
naturally. The second stage now is is to
really how do the arms work? And the
third stage we'll finish off, which is
where the real effortless comes in, is
the body, right? So, how do the arms
work? Easy. Grab your bicep, pin it to
your body like this. Make a few
beautifully relaxed swings. So, the
club's not controlled. It's beautifully
flowing. But as you do this, allow the
the elbow or the club or the arm to
pivot. Look, around my elbow. Most
people when they do this drill for the
first time, they pull it in or they try
to move the arm out here. No, no, no.
The arm
rotates. Look around the elbow. And
where does my arm work? It works
upwards. Now, you look at this. Yeah, I
don't see many players doing this. You
do. If you add the turning look now,
suddenly look, look at this. The arms
are responsible for taking the club up.
My body is responsible for look taking
the club
around. You see? But here's the beauty
of this. When you're here, you've just
learned what the right arm's supposed to
feel at impact, haven't you? So, as we
come down, look, you just I know what
I'm supposed to feel impact. I swing. Do
we do this? No. that's throwing the club
away and we don't want that. Right. So,
we now roughly know where we need to be.
So, we kind of move through and suddenly
now we're we're naturally flowing look
into this place because you've just
learned that what the right hand's
supposed to be doing. Yeah. So, just
make some beautiful swings like this.
Yeah. Keep that locked in.
Add a little pivot
and then add the feeling. Yeah.
Backwards and forwards. That's it.
Right. It's a skill you got to build.
Right. Same with the left side or lead
side. Hold the bicep in. Lock it in.
Now, a lot of people here when they're
trying to hit a ball straight, they do
this. That's just not natural, right?
It's awkward, right? No, no, no. Let it
swing. Where's my left arm work? My lead
arm. It works up just like the right
because I can't do anything else. What
gets the club in a sense? You'll see the
best players almost with straight arms
on the way through. They do. Why have
they got straight arms? Because watch
when we then pivot through here. Look,
look. This is going to eventually look
fold here. But there it's beautifully
out in front of us, right? because I'm
giving it a beautiful destination. It's
a simple flowing motion and how the lead
arm and the trail arm work in your golf
swing. And here you've already learned
now step one. Step two, you know how the
arms are going to work. Start to hit a
few shots like that before we add the
body in. So, trail arm folds here, left
arm folds. I've got a feeling now of
what I need to be doing. It's super
super effortless. Let's have a look at
this and then we'll finish off with the
body.
So nice and smooth to start with. I've
got to be a bit careful just coming from
a bit of an operation. So little bit
right, but you know it's smooth. It
feels effortless. So then how do we kind
of add in the body to this very very
naturally? Well, first of all, you've
got to understand the role of your body
to make the swing look smooth. So I want
you to imagine this for a second. I've
got a heavy bag of balls here, right? So
notice this. Would we do this with these
balls to kind of get them swinging
backwards and forwards?
We wouldn't, wouldn't we? We would move
our arms. It doesn't look very
cumbersome. It doesn't look very smooth.
What we do is is
this. My arms are relaxed now. But why
why does this look smooth? What am I
doing?
I'm using my naturally my bigger
muscles, aren't I? I've got a feeling of
a weight at the end, which is the club.
We're just allowing that club swings
freely. And I am allowing my bigger
muscles to move now. Keep watching.
What's it starting to look like now?
Starts to look a little bit awkward,
doesn't it? What's changed? I've stopped
moving. I've stopped moving
the bigger muscles. Now, when you look
at these best players, you'll see this
club beautifully flowing backwards with
their torso here. particular on the way
through when they're swinging, you'll
see that the club momentum of the club
is just being allowed to kind of
catapult out into the distance and
they're almost like hanging on to this
golf club here. This is what gives it
the smoothness. They are in a sense
creating this balance almost
counterbalance to where this club is
moving, right? And the way for you can
to start to feel this initially is is to
grab your driver, put your hand on both
sides. Get your head, this head right in
the middle of that shaft and just make a
few swings like this. Keeping your head
in the middle of that shaft at this
angle, right? Not like this.
Yeah. All I'm doing is moving. And what
this is I love is it trains your body.
Look at my legs, my torso. Everything's
moving as it should do to help me create
that motion here. Back into impact. Now
look, my body's having look to move in a
certain way to kind of keep my head in
the middle of the shaft. If I did this,
I my head's still down here, right? So,
it's a beautiful way. And then what you
do with that is you go, right, we've
learned the swinging club head. We've
learned how the arms are folding. Now,
let's allow the the torso to let that
club My arms are really relaxed. Now my
torso is moving back and I'm swinging
the club through. What I don't do is go
and stop. I'll keep like allowing
all of these things we just put
together. Look to keep flowing through.
And it's that flow and the body
continuing to move here like this that
gives you that lovely silky smooth
effortless motion. Let's grab another
one. Let's show you how you can start to
work on this. And I do this with my
players, by the way, to start with, just
as we've done initially, in a really,
really small way. So, you've got the
feel of the face, you've got the feel of
the arms. And what I do first of all is
I'll just get them to get a sense here
of how their torso look. You've got the
feeling here of the shaft. Just look at
my head here. I'm just working that body
look backwards and forwards. And I might
even just get them to feel some small
half style swings just initially just to
get that momentum. a few small half
swings before we even work on the big
ones just to feel that smoothness in the
motion. And you can see here my body's
flowing through freely. And it's just a
few taps down there. But what it does,
you look at that there. The path's
fairly neutral. The face is fairly
neutral. And we're just pushing that
ball down there in a really, really
beautiful small uh smooth way. All
created first of all by your feeling of
the face. Making sure you square it. So
you don't need any jerky actions. your
understanding of how the elbows
naturally fold in such a way so they
work beautifully with the body. And now
you've got the body moving beautifully
on an arc here, controlling the momentum
of this golf club here backwards and
forwards. This is the foundation of
creating smooth, effortless power and
creating a swing where you get on a golf
course and you really enjoy it, right?
As opposed to one that looks awkward. So
spend some time working on step one.
huge, huge, huge woman. She's probably
where it's the longest section. Share
this video with a friend who you know
could do with help like this. If you
want to know how this applies to irons,
check this video out right here. If
you're new to the channel, press the
subscribe button down here. And
remember, if you want extra help with
your game, make sure you visit
dannymore.com. We got a wonderful
community over there while I help you
personally with your game. But until
next week, have a wonderful golfing