It's not often that I have great news
when it comes to car tech and especially
to car safety tech, but today is one of
those rare occasions. ANCAP, the
Australasian new car assessment program,
have finally realized that they've
allowed, or indeed some would argue that
they caused manufacturers to go too far
with the advanced driver assistance,
creating this relentless barrage of
beeps and boops and dings and dongs and
lights on the dash and the steering
wheel tugging this way and that. these
safety nannies that ruin the driving
experience, add unnecessary stress,
create distractions, and treat grown
adults like babies. ANCAP have announced
that as of 2026, when their next set of
rules come into play, they're going to
be penalizing cars for being too
intrusive. It comes as they are finally
beginning to recognize something that's
been known in the aviation and the
maritime industries for decades. Too
many warnings actually increases risk.
That overbearing safety systems, well,
they are themselves a distraction. And
sometimes it really is better to just
let people drive. It's too little too
late. Of course, since the current rules
came into force in 2023, we've had cars
that are nearly insufferable. I drove a
2023 Subaru WRX, a brilliant driver's
car in anyone's language, and the
experience was completely overshadowed
by the barrage of beeps and boops as I
positioned the car left and right within
my lane on the twisting road, always
trying to open up my sight lines and
smooth out the corners. You know, basic
road craft. The car was having none of
it. constantly wanting me to take my
eyes off the road and look at the dash
where it had some stupid warning symbol
blinking at me to let me know that I'd
gotten too close to the line on one side
or the other. Yes, I know I did that on
purpose. And that's to say nothing of
the constant tugging at the wheel,
destroying any road feel and making it
nearly impossible to hold a clean line
through a corner as the safety systems
nibble at the wheel and ruin the
experience. ANCAP are Australia and New
Zealand specific. And some people,
myself included, wonder why we need our
own vehicle testing and certification
body in the first place. If it's passed
the test already in either Europe or in
the US, do we really need to make them
pass the test again? We are kind of
weirdly possessive of our tiny little
vehicle market, barely the size of a US
state. And yet we run bespoke five-star
rating systems which are different to
both the European system and the US
system. And we insist that car
manufacturers have to have their cars
crashed again in Australia to get a star
rating. As a result of the costs and the
inconvenience, there's many car
manufacturers that simply don't bother
bringing their cars to Australia. And
the manufacturers that do bother, well,
often they don't bring their full range.
And I can't blame them. Making
manufacturers recrash their cars to
access our tiny market is stupid enough.
But the real trouble started back in
2018 when ANCAP decided in its infinite
wisdom that a car could not get a
five-star rating unless it had
autonomous emergency braking. That's the
one where the dashboard screams at you
and the car slams on the brakes nearly
causing the Mac Dog on the front of the
truck behind you to punch a hole in the
back of your head. All because the car
in front of you slipped into a turning
lane and you carried on straight. Yeah,
that one. No car since 2018 has been
allowed to get a five-star rating
without it in Australia. And likewise,
the lane support system, the one that
nibbles at the wheel and ruined my drive
in that WRX. Well, that is also
mandatory if you want a five-star rating
as well. So where you and I would have
thought that a lower rated car meant
that it wasn't as safe in the event of a
crash. Well, it might in reality have
performed the best of all in the crash
tests. But because it perhaps lacked a
few of the beeps and boops it got marked
down by the buffins at ANCAP. And given
those penalties, who can blame the
manufacturers for throwing every beep
and boop they could possibly imagine
into their cars? The more the better,
right? And with every system comes a
range of decisions about how sensitive
that system should be, how early should
it intervene, how loud should the beeps
and boops and screeches be, how many
lights should show on the dashboard, and
before you know it, we're we we are
where we are with cars dinging at
perfectly competent drivers who are
driving perfectly well and slowly
driving all of us mad. So, what do we
do? Well, it turns out a lot of us just
turn those systems off. According to an
Amy study, 20% of people turn off the
driver aids in Australia. But I
guarantee you the real number is way
higher because they were surveying
people who had recently been involved in
a crash. And when you're insurer asks
you after a crash whether you had turned
off a safety system, you'd better
believe there's going to be a lot of
people thinking twice about telling the
truth. In the UK, more than half of all
drivers admit to turning these systems
off. And I think if we're honest, that's
more likely to be an accurate number in
Australia as well. I remember when we
first got the car that we have now, a
2017 Volkswagen. We bought it secondhand
in 2019. My wife took it for a drive the
day after we bought it. She came back
and said it tried to kill her because it
misread some old lines on a freeway
merge and literally tried to push her
off the road. And because at that time
we had no idea that it would try and
steer for you. We didn't know that that
system existed in that car. The last
thing that she expected was for the car
to have a mind of its own and head for
the Armco. Now, the steering wheel
doesn't pull all that hard in these
cars. It's not hard to override the
system by forcing the steering wheel.
But when you're already busy merging
onto a busy freeway and you're not
expecting your car to try and kill you,
well, it's a problem. And that brings us
back to alert overload. This is a
serious problem which is well
acknowledged in both the maritime and
the aviation industries. Here's an
extract from a Lloyd's register, the one
of the most prestigious shipping
registers in existence. As the industry
grapples with the explosion of
digitization and automation, alarm
management of onboard ships is
increasingly becoming a pressing
concern. In recent years, the sheer
number of alarms on ships has
skyrocketed, leading to operational
challenges, particularly in the
well-being and efficiency of crew
members. According to LR's recent
report, there has been a staggering 197%
increase in the number of alarms on
ships over the past two decades,
sometimes occurring as frequently as 74
alarms per hour on a ship's bridge
during critical navigation periods such
as traversing coastal waters. This
deluge of alerts becomes overwhelming
where crew members struggle to
differentiate between critical alarms
and routine ones. Sound familiar? Sure
does to me. In the aviation industry, an
enormous amount of research has gone
into cockpit alarms. And in particular,
not fatiguing and distracting or
overloading pilots with ones that aren't
actually critical. Too many alarms leads
to a desensitization. Pilots condition
themselves to not respond, which can
lead to those alarms being missed when
they're actually important during
stressful flight periods. These days,
driving a car is kind of similar to
flying in the sense that a modern car
driver is largely a systems operator.
You control your speed less with the
throttle and more with the settings on
the adaptive cruise control in much the
same way that a pilot controls their
heading less with the control stick and
more with the autopilot. Modern cars
have more and more systems, and managing
those systems can at times create
demands on your focus that pull you away
from the one thing that matters, which
is the road ahead. And the plethora of
alarms and warnings and dings and dongs
and bips and boops have turned cars into
stress factories for those who continue
to pay attention to those warnings. And
for the drivers who learn to ignore the
warnings, well, now the warnings have
become completely counterproductive.
It's a waste of everyone's time and
energy. Now, I'm not actually opposed to
having these systems on a car. I drive
long range regularly, and I appreciate
adaptive cruise control. And yes, on the
freeway, I will turn on the lanekeeping
just as an additional bit of safety in
case I do happen to lose focus for some
reason. I'm not a lite, but these
systems should exist to serve the driver
and should not make the driver serve
them. And finally, we get to the good
news that I mentioned at the start.
Ancap have now agreed the beeps and
boops are too loud, too many, and too
demanding on a driver's focus. And
they've announced that as of 2026, when
they revise the rules, they will
actually penalize car makers if they
have these systems calibrated too
sensitively or if they become too
intrusive. Which is great news because I
genuinely thought that it was only going
to get worse and worse. And I thought
that when I do finally get the chance to
update my car at some point in the
future that I'd be shopping for
something no newer than from 2022.
And then I'd be aiming to keep that car
for the rest of my life just so I
wouldn't need to be afflicted with all
those awful stressinducing drive ruining
nannies in the dash. Modern cars are
marvels of engineering. And if we just
let the engineers and the designers do
their thing and meet the needs and
desires of consumers in a free market
without letting the bureaucrats and
safety nannies ruin everything, then we
would all be better off. Sadly, the
safety nannies aren't going to go away
anytime soon. But that doesn't change
the fact that this is a little bit of
welcome good news for those of us who
still like the feeling of a steering
wheel in our hands. So, if you're lucky
enough to be in the market for a new
car, which I most definitely am not, but
I don't begrudge those who are, then you
might want to consider holding off for a
year or two to see if the cars that
arrive in 2026 or 27 are at least a
little bit less annoying than the ones
that are sitting on showroom floors
today. My name's Toeer Field. This is
the TOEFL project and I help busy people
like you to make sense of the nonsense
and to keep up with the world as it
changes around us. I am 100% viewer
supported. So if you appreciate what I'm
doing here, then please help me to keep
this going by buying me a coffee via the
button at tofillfield.net. And also if
you like my videos, then you'll love my
books. They're about government power,
human rights, and civil disobedience,
which you'll find along with my DVD
documentary, Battleground Melbourne, and
my t-shirts and hoodies at
goodpeoplereakbadlaws.com.
Thank you for watching all the way to
the end. The algorithm loves you and so
do I. Please like, comment your thoughts
on whether you would buy a modern car at
all given all of this annoying tech. And
of course, please subscribe. It does
help the channel. And as always, think
free.