For the last four months, the US stock
market has been consistently making new
all-time highs. That is up until one of
Donald Trump's tweets wiped out 1.7
trillion in the market cap of the S&P
500, threatening a 100% tariff hike on
China. A day later, Donald Trump tweeted
that everything was fine and the market
rebounded as if nothing happened. This
correction might look insignificant, but
the damage that is being done here is
much greater than what anyone realizes.
Because if we zoom out a little bit, we
see that although the stock market is at
all-time highs in US dollar terms, it's
making new lows when measured in terms
of gold. In fact, it's hovering around
its lowest levels in over 10 years. This
divergence between the S&P 500 in dollar
terms versus gold terms really began in
early 2024. It accelerated during the
first tariff announcements at the
beginning of 2025, and it's now
intensifying even further with the
recent announcement. Now, historically,
periods where the stock market is
declining in gold terms usually coincide
with periods where the stock market is
also stagnating in dollar terms. This
was the case in the early 2000s during
the dotcom bust and the 2008 financial
crisis. And if we rewind a little bit
further, we see the stock market was
also declining in gold terms in the
1970s, which was a period of stagnation
in US dollar terms as well. That's
because most of the time when there is a
lot of capital flowing into gold, it
suggests there is a flight to safety
which usually means that there are so
much concerns in the market that capital
is flowing out of the stock market.
Today that's not what we're seeing. Yes,
gold is rising but so are stocks. In
fact, the stock market is completely
shrugged off all the risks associated
with tariffs. not just the extremely
high trade uncertainty that has
resulted, but also the very low consumer
sentiment that we've had since the
beginning of the year that historically
has been associated with economic
recessions. But that does not mean that
we should ignore this signal that we're
getting on the stock market measured in
gold. Donald Trump has just threatened a
100% tariff hike on China. Now, although
Trump has already backed off from this
threat, there is a reason for why it's
triggering a panic underneath the
surface. A 100% tariff hike would lift
the effective tariff rate on Chinese
goods coming into the US to around 140%.
This is a level that completely shuts
down trade as it essentially makes any
business importing goods into the US
from China unprofitable. This kind of
scenario would be enough to trigger an
economic depression. Now investors know
that Trump is extremely unlikely to
follow through on this threat and that
this is part of a broader negotiation.
This is why we're not seeing stocks
plummet in a straight line down right
now. But what this threat does do is it
fragilizes the relationship between
China and the US even further and lays
the foundation for something like that
to actually happen. Keep in mind, China
is in a much stronger position to play
tough when it comes to trade today. It
has already seen its exports to the US
drop by 27% since the start of the trade
war. But on the flip side, it has seen
its non US exports grow significantly to
completely offset the drop in exports to
the US. Altogether, Chinese exports have
actually grown nicely over the course of
the last year by 8% despite the
significant tariff hit from the US. What
this represents is a gradual
misalignment and growing independence
between the US's trade interests and
Chinese trade interests. Eventually, if
these interests have diverged enough,
Trump or another president could be
forced one way or another to actually
follow through on a policy that would
completely sever ties between the US and
China. The mere fact that this is on the
table represents a clear deterioration
in global trade ties that almost
certainly will have an impact on
economic growth at some point in the
future. The reason that the stock market
is not reacting to this right now is
because corporate profits are at
all-time highs right now. And the reason
for these high corporate profits is not
that tariffs have zero impact. It's
because there are other structural
forces that are at play that are driving
them higher, at least for now. The US
government's $2 trillion per year
deficit, equivalent to roughly 7% of
GDP, is helping keep economic growth
resilient. The Federal Reserve is
cutting their interest rate, which is
lowering borrowing costs for businesses
and loosening financial conditions. And
finally, corporate profit margins are at
all-time highs, which is helping
businesses grow their earnings more
easily and allowing shareholders to
accumulate assets at a fast pace. Now,
these forces don't just drive stocks
higher. They drive all financial assets
higher. This is why gold and Bitcoin
that are not directly tied to economic
growth have been moving higher alongside
the stock market. In fact, gold and
Bitcoin have both been rising faster
than stocks over the last couple of
years, which clearly highlights what we
are talking about here. Now, we happen
to think that these forces will probably
continue for at least another 6 to 12
months, which will continue to push
asset prices higher, probably in the
short term as well. Now, on October 9th,
we booked profits and closed a good
chunk of the positions that we had at
Braavos Research. This is because we
believed that the risk of a short-term
correction in the market was quite high.
And so, we raised cash to protect
ourselves. Now, although sometimes it
means missing out on a few percentage
point gains, in these situations, risk
management can help lock in the profits
that we've had over the last few months.
And it also gives us dry powder to ramp
back up our exposure during this kind of
a pullback. So we've already been using
this pullback to put the cash that we
raised back to work and initiate trades
on specific stocks that we think have
substantial upside in the coming weeks.
If you want to follow each and every
trade that we take, we share everything
along with our entire strategy, all of
our thoughts on the market daybyday to
our clients at bravosarchearch.com. Join
the thousands of traders already on
there. Thank you for watching.