Keeping our body the same distance to
the ground throughout the golf swing,
especially on the way down and through
would be the way that would make
consistent solid contact the easiest and
most repeatable. What we're trying to do
to keep our inclination to the ground is
not keep our chest down over the ball.
It's keep your right side down over the
ball. And when they get through, you're
going to notice at impact, their chest
is actually pointed out towards the
target, not down towards the ball, but
their right shoulder,
hip, and knee are all down at the golf
ball. Once they get through the ball,
you'll see them on the screen. Their
right shoulder, right rib cage, hip, and
knee are the things pointed down to the
ball. That's what keeps them in their
inclation to the ground, not chest down,
not chest down.
If you're like a lot of people that I
coach, you really struggle with standing
up too much during the down swing
through the ball. You don't hit the ball
as solid as you'd like. You're not as
consistent daytoday. Just don't hit the
ball as straight and far as you know you
can. I'm going to show you in today's
video how to fix that. One of my
all-time favorite drills. Okay. When
we're talking about staying down and
covering the ball, the important concept
here to understand is what we call
inclination to the ground, which is just
a fancy way to say keeping our body the
same distance to the ground throughout
the golf swing, especially on the way
down and through would be the way that
would make consistent solid contact the
easiest and most repeatable. So when we
look at a good golfer, if we draw a line
up my back line here at setup, we would
see that especially during the down
swing, their body stays the same
distance to the ground or even gets
slightly closer to the ground on the way
down and through the golf ball. And that
enables them to hit it consistently
solid. Now, if you're like a lot of
players that I work with during the down
swing, we look something like this.
If we draw a line on my head and a line
up my back here, we know that during the
down swing, we're getting too tall.
We're standing up too much at impact.
And that causes us a lot of issues. And
the reason that causes us a lot of
issues is the distance of my body away
from the ground dictates my release
pattern. Okay? And how well I am able to
get to a good impact position. If my
body is a certain distance from the
ground at setup
and I get farther from the ground at
impact and I stand up and stall, the
only way for me to get to the golf ball
to reach it is to prematurely straighten
my right arm and my right wrist. Now,
that enables me to get down to the ball.
But if I put my opposite hand on, what's
the problem there? Let's look at me here
and put a good player at impact who
looks like this.
Notice the difference side by side of
that. The problem with me prematurely
throwing my right arm and right wrist,
no shaft, poor contact, no distance,
inconsistent.
So, we want to be able to keep our body
the same distance from the ground on the
way back and through. The key concept
here, and I see this and hear this all
the time, and it messes a lot of people
up, is when we try and keep our body the
same distance from the ground, we are
not not trying to do that by feeling our
chest stay down. When you feel like your
chest stays down, we're not able to
rotate. You get stuck. The hips are too
far back. No good. What we're trying to
do to keep our inclination to the ground
is not keep our chest down over the
ball. It's keep your right side down
over the ball. So, we're going to put
some players on the screen here. You'll
see Max Homa, Justin Thomas,
couple players on the screen, Tiger. And
when they get through, you're going to
notice at impact, their chest is
actually pointed out towards the target,
not down towards the ball, but their
right shoulder,
hip, and knee are all down at the golf
ball. So, we keep our body's distance to
the ground during the down swing with
our right side of our body, not our
chest down. That's really, really,
really important. Now, how do we do this
and feel this? There's a couple
different ways. One of my favorite ways
to do this, we call this the hockey
drill or the split hand grip drill. When
you take your setup, I want you to slide
your right hand down where it's just
past the grip on the club and hold it
out in front of you like this, where the
butt of the club's about even with the
golf ball. Let's make a back swing where
your hands like to get to about hip
high. And then from this position, I
want you to get down to the golf ball.
To the golf ball. So, normal setup like
this. Slide the right hand down, the
grip, hold it right in front of you,
back up to about hip high, and then take
that and get that down to the golf ball.
And the beautiful thing about this drill
is that it really helps you feel that
trail side working down. The reason it
works, if I bring it up in front of me,
as soon as I take my setup and I slide
my right hand down the grip, notice
where the club head is relative to the
golf ball. It's up about an inch or two.
And what that means then is as I swing,
assuming I stay about the same height on
the way back, I've got to actually lower
some on the way down. Now, do you have
to actually lower some? We'll show some
examples on the screen with the line on
their head. Some really good ball
strikers do in fact lower some. That
enables them to keep their trail arm and
trail wrist bent and hit it very solid.
The opposite of standing up and throwing
those angles. So lowering would be
totally fine. But in reality, even if we
stay the same height on the way down,
that would be good. We just can't stand
up too much. Why can't we stand up too
much? Because then our body's too far
from the ball and we have to early throw
our right arm and right wrist. Why is
that bad? Because we're going to get
inconsistent contact. No shaft lean, no
solid contact. So what I want you to do
when you're practicing is split hand
grip. Hand down the end of the grip
here. Left hand even with the ball. Back
to about hip high. Get to the golf ball.
You should feel a big right oblique
crunch here. Okay. The right shoulder
feeling closer to the right hip. Same
thing. Back and through. Now, as I'm
doing this, I'm doing this as a drill
and stopping at impact. But in reality,
as I do this, I'd be working through the
ball like those players. Once they get
through the ball, you'll see them on the
screen. Their right shoulder, right rib
cage, hip, and knee are the things
pointed down to the ball. That's what
keeps them in their inklation to the
ground, not chest down, not chest down.
So, I like one or two of those drills.
Grab a feel of what that feels like. And
then we're going to hit with that same
sensation, feeling like my right side,
like what do I feel when I'm doing this?
My hips and weight are still forward. I
feel a right side oblique crunch. Like
my knee is about even with the golf ball
and my hip and my shoulder are pointed
down towards it. My chest feels like
it's out towards the target. Right,
that's the feel. So, I'm going to get
that feel. I'm going to hit one. Right
side works down and through. Let's hit
one with that.
And there's a very solid iron shot. Now,
when you're doing this, like I
mentioned, the bad version.
Okay, the bad version is us standing up,
straightening our right arm and wrist.
Now, if I'm getting my body actually
closer to the ground, even if I'm
staying about the same distance,
something needs to shorten to make up
for that distance. Just like when I got
farther, something needed to lengthen to
make up for that distance. As I get
closer, something needs to shorten. And
that's good. That's what all good ball
strikers do. Since your right shoulder,
right hip, and knee are closer to the
ball and forward, you're going to
probably need to feel like your right
arm and right wrist are more bent as
well. From about hip high, hip high
through the hitting area. It will of
course straighten out past impact, but
through the hit, the right arm and right
wrist will feel a little bit shorter.
That helps shorten the radius.
shorten the radius. So, as I'm doing
this drill, split hand grip or hockey,
and getting down to the ball, I'm
feeling a right side crunch. My right
arm feels bent.
See, my weight's still forward and hips
are still forward over my left leg. My
chest certainly feels like it's out,
pointed out here towards the target, not
at the ball. And I'm still going to feel
like my right arm and right wrist are
bent at and past impact. Okay, so same
feels. We'll show those players on the
screen. Right side works down and
through. right arm and right wrist feel
bent.
And there's another one. Very solid high
iron shot. Now, in terms of the
lowering, if we draw a line on my head
here, the thing that's actually causing
the lowering is that right side bend.
Notice as my right shoulder gets closer
to my right hip, see how my head, let's
draw a line on my head. My head goes
down, but also it's going away from the
target.
Okay, that right side bend is the piece
that actually causes the lowering. Some
lower body stuff too, but in terms of
upper body, that's what causes it. Now,
as I do that right side bend,
notice as I add rotation, that brings my
head back on center.
So, how I get lower is right shoulder
closer to the right hip. As I rotate,
brings it back forward. So, it's that
right side down and through. That's a
really good one to use that split hand
grip like that to keep compressing the
ball and stop standing up. I absolutely
love that. We'll put a card on the
screen for a similar style video. If you
want a plan like this or drills you can
do for your game, check out
kornogolf.com. Would love to work with
you there. Any questions, always leave a
comment. If you click that gray thumbs
up button, subscribe if you haven't.
Maybe send this to a friend. That all
helps. Appreciate you guys watching.
All right, guys. If you're interested in
a winter golf school, we just made the
dates live for December, January, and
February down in Boca Raton in South
Florida. We're partnering with our good
friends at the Don Law Golf Academy. I
personally hand selected some of the
best coaches in the world to be there
along with me to give you a two-day
event that I want you to never forget. I
want you to have a transformational
event for your golf game. I want you to
have a blast. I want to hang out and
spend some time together. We're going to
work on your game in the morning. We're
going to go play in the afternoon. Plus,
you're going to get access to everything
we have on the website. You're going to
get 90 days of coaching afterwards.
Really want to give you a plan to
ideally cut your handicap in half,
right? To really make a difference in
your game. I'd love to have you there.
We had a great time at Woodstone in
September. Have a great time this
winter. We'll put a link in the
description down below. Be the first
link. Click on that. Check out the
details. Send us a message with any
questions you have. Look forward to
seeing some of you there. If you want to
watch more like this, check out this
video next.