Here we have it. The truth why Kaitlyn
Clark is not participating in Unrivaled.
This just adds a layer onto her
reasoning. She don't need this like a
lot of y'all do. It's very clear. It's
clear as day. Some of y'all unrivaled is
your best option. For some of y'all,
it's your only option. CC has unlimited
options everywhere. She's already doing
USA basketball and guess what else she
has up her sleeve. We're going to get
right into it. Welcome to Keep the
Vision. Make sure you like, comment,
subscribe, share the channel, hit that
bell notification. Caitlyn Clark turned
down Unrivaled for the second year in a
row. Told him to kick rocks. I'm not
playing in this three on three stuff.
Holl at me when y'all get some legit
five on fives. And maybe, just maybe, I
will bless it with my presence. So, what
else will Caitlyn Clark be doing? You
already know the CC train does not stop.
It does not stop. Caitlyn Clark, the
speaking engagements is going on. USA
basketball is about to be cracking off.
She about to get training and she's
ready to come back and destroy anything
in her way next season.
This was put out by the Long Island
Association where Caitlyn Clark will be
a featured speaker. Y'all know Caitlyn,
some of y'all are getting 200K. I can't
knock that one right. 200K, get your
bread. Caitlyn Clark getting 100K to
show up to speak to these people. It's
levels. It's levels. She don't need this
like y'all do. Caitlyn Clark. This was
posted by the Long Island Association
LIA annual fall lunchon. Join the Long
Island Association as president and CEO
Matt Cohen moderates a special
conversation with Caitlyn Clark the
goat.
It says discussing her record-breaking
performances
philanthropic impact and cultural
influence. October 29th, 2025, 10:30 uh
a.m. to 12:30 p.m. This will be at Crest
Hollow Country Club in Woodbury, New
York. You can purchase your tickets. U
they have sponsorships available. This
This is it, man. This is it. And this is
not the only one. This is not the only
one. Caitlyn Clark will be in several
other places. This is just the first
one. And you got to think, she's getting
100K to show up and speak at these
events. She can do two of these and make
what y'all going to make in Unrivaled.
She can do 10 of these and cash out a
million dollars. She don't need to be
running around getting elbowed while
y'all over there chucking and jing
unrivaled, man. She don't have to put up
with that. Half of y'all, majority of
y'all was haters anyway. You know what I
mean? The Fisa Collier, you name dropped
her to try to get us her fans on your
side. But the fact of the matter is we
agreed with a lot of what you said, but
the truth is we was already saying it
before you said it. So it's like you
didn't necessarily get us to go over
there. We've been bombing on Kathy
Ingleberg for the betterment of two
years now. That's just the truth. So,
um, yeah, you're not getting us to jump
over to the unrivaled train,
um, just because,
you know, you you wanted to say that
Kathy Ingleberg was disrespecting
Caitlyn Clark talking about she needs to
be grateful of the WNBA, which is
complete blasphemy. Straight blasphemy.
Um, Caitlyn Clark is doing more for the
WNBA than what the WNBA is doing for
Caitlyn Clark. That's point blank and
period. It is cut dry and simple. Simple
as that. So, she will be speaking here.
You know, she gonna collect the big bag.
You know, big bag CC. And what else? The
CC World Tour. CC World Tour. She'll
probably be in some golf tournaments
getting a bag. She might play. Look, who
knows? She might play in a damn NFL
game. Who knows? You never know with
Caitlyn Clark. This was posted by WV
News. Caitlyn Clark headlines Florida
Forum Speaker Series in Jacksonville.
So, she's taking her talents down to the
South. She will be going down to
Florida.
And it says here, Jacksonville, Florida.
The Florida Forum Speaker Series has
announced its 2025 2026 lineup. Indiana
Fever star Caitlyn Clark will be the
first to appear at the Jacksonville
Center for the Performing Arts on
October 29th. Clark is a record-breaking
basketball phenom who became the 2024
WNBA rookie of the year, first team all
WNBA honore, and the first rookie ever
to record a triple double. Kaitlin
Clark. So, she going to New York. We
going to shoot down to Florida. That's a
quick 200k. That's a quick 200. Y'all
y'all going to be running around and
unrivaled to get that. She ain't got to
do all that. She's the NCAA's all-time
leading scorer and a two-time Nate Smith
Smith a naymith award winner. The
Florida Forum speaker series is produced
by the women's board of Wolson
Children's Hospital. Former Russian
political prisoner Vladimir Cara Mer
Mursa is scheduled to appear February
3rd, 2026.
Man, look, Caitlyn Clark will be in
Florida speaking as well. And this is
this is just part of the the the plan.
See, CeCe had her summer laid out
already while y'all was trying to while
while Nafisa Collier was trying to go uh
drop her name to build up steam for
Unrivaled and to get a message out
there, which the message was fine. You
didn't need to drop Caitlyn Clark uh
info to to get the message out there.
You know, that I feel like that was done
for shock value. You name dropped her
for shock value. And
CeCe already had her summer laid out. US
training for one, getting healthy,
training, working on her game, getting
her game all the way right so she can
destroy anything and everything moving
in the WNBA next year. Team USA
basketball where she will be playing
five on five, not three on three. Five
on five legitimate practices, some games
like this is what she's on. So, she got
the basketball part planned out and she
has her engagements and brand building
planned out as well. Caitlyn Clark is
going to be everywhere. You won't be
able to miss her. You won't be able to
miss Caitlyn Clark anywhere. So, she has
her summer laid out. And really think
about it, she can make 100K to go speak
at these speaking engagements for 30
minutes.
She can go talk for 30 minutes and
collect 100K. I will be going and
speaking at these things, too. I would
be doing the same thing. Y'all know for
sure the golf the golf tournament
people, they're going to want her back.
You know, it was a ratings boom when
Caitlyn Clark was on it. So, you know,
she'll be back over there and she won't
be back for free. She won't be back for
free. And yesterday's price is not
today's price. Caitlyn Clark has her
whole off season planned out. ahead of
the WNBA 2026 season, if there is one.
Hopefully, we can get the negotiations
together so that she can destroy y'all
and show why she is the GOAT and the
best player in the league. This is major
news on Caitlyn Clark's offseason plans.
Get down in the comments. Let me know
what you think about this. This is Keep
the Vision. Make sure you like, comment,
subscribe, and share the channel.