my, you know, 2028 target is in the, you
know, 100x plus sort of return if we get
this sort of massive move into stable
coins
>> on hype.
>> On hype. That's what I went on stage.
And
>> so,
you think there'd be like a
a $5,000 token?
>> Yeah.
>> For the last 9 years here on YouTube,
I've experimented with a lot of
different types of content. And let me
tell you, some are more popular than
others. But none, absolutely none, have
been more popular than the type of video
that I'm going to be doing for you
today. What I know for a fact is the
most popular type of video I've ever
done. And that is when the market
supports the growth of low cap altcoins
and low cap investments. That is by far
the most important thing that this
audience always wants to flock to. Now,
of course, the usual caveats as we talk
about riskier, lower cap stuff. You
should also be warned that this
potential for increased gains comes with
increased risk. But as always, you know
what you're doing. And if you're excited
for the first low cap gem video here on
this channel in almost 4 years where
we're just going to be talking about a
new investment opportunity that has come
to my attention and I think it is worthy
of your attention and it's something
that I'm going to be putting quite a bit
of money into, not just in the short
term, but I'm going to look to average
into this as long as the thesis holds.
So, if you guys are excited for my first
low cap gem in what feels like forever,
go ahead, destroy that like button and
let's dive in. Now, first and foremost,
let's talk about what I'm going to be
discussing today. If you're not familiar
with altcoin investing or with crypto
portfolio design, this is not the video
for you. This is a more advanced video.
Go watch my other videos on how to set
up a portfolio, how to allocate to
different sectors, and make sure you
understand that when we're talking about
investments like the one I'm going to be
talking about today, it's got to be
understood as a risky investment, a
higher risk investment that should only
be max, a couple of percent of your
portfolio, maybe 5% max, but likely less
than that because it is extremely high
risk and has potential for high rewards.
So, you should keep it sized smaller.
But the type of investment that we're
going to be talking about today is a
treasury company that was pioneered,
this model was pioneered by none other
than Michael Sailor with Micro Strategy.
And we'll be hearing from Michael Sailor
in just a minute. But there's a lot of
confusion. A lot of people think these
treasury codes on the stock market are
actually just vapor and that there
should never ever be a premium in price
to the value of the assets underneath
them. For example, Micro Strategy,
there's a school of thought that they
should just be priced at the value of
their Bitcoin, no more, no less, because
that's the real output of Micro
Strategy. However, what you hear here is
an interesting explanation from none
other than Tom Lee about why that is not
true. And I think this is one of the
more important pieces of discussion,
which obviously, if you know this
frumpy-haired gigachad, you know that
Tom Lee has been the captain of
promoting Ethereum and actually really
reviving the altcoin spirit that we know
and love. So, check this out. This is
really important because he's going to
explain to you why it's not the same to
buy the underlying asset and the actual
treasury company. Listen to this. This
is actually really important. As of
August 24th, Bitine held $40 of Ethereum
per share. So, it rose by 10 times. But
if someone bought the Ethereum itself or
they bought the Ethereum ETF, they'd
still only have $4 of Ethereum per
share. So you can see that a treasury
company is growing your Ethereum
holdings per share. That's why Micro
Strategy stock did better than Bitcoin.
So in this case, if you take the same
increment of time where you could have
just bought Ethereum or bought Bit
Miner, which is Tom Lee's Ethereum
treasury company, if you would have just
bought the ETH, ETH hadn't moved all
that much. However, based on the raise,
the structure of the raise that Bitmine
was able to pull off, they were able to
increase their holdings of Ethereum by
many orders of magnitude. So, not only
did they hold and grow in price
alongside of Ethereum, but your actual
ownership per share went up 10fold. Now,
you could say the market had already
priced this in, was forward-looking,
etc. But in the end, the treasury
company is actively trying to magnify
your ownership of the underlying per
share as well as experience price
appreciation with levered upside. So
essentially, they are working for you to
multiply your exposure to this asset.
And that's why it will be more explosive
on the way up and more destructive on
the way down, which is why we do not
want to be holding treasury companies on
the way down in the bare market. We want
to get the f out of them. However, on
the way up, it can be very glorious. And
one might actually be able to make the
argument that it's a superior form of
investment to the underlying asset
itself because you have this vehicle
essentially actively managing that
investment and that capital to create
the best outcome per share for the
shareholders. Micro Strategy stock was
$13. Today it's $335.
>> It's gone up by more than 25 times. The
price of Bitcoin has gone from 10,000 to
110,000.
So, it's gone up by 11 times, but Micro
Strategy stocks gone up by 25 times.
>> Again, this is just showing the math on
how a well-run treasury company can
multiply your exposure to the asset and
the value that you get back as a
shareholder. And
>> that's because Micro Strategy as a
treasury company has grown your Bitcoin
per share and Bitine is growing your
Ethereum held per share every week. So,
like we said, we're big fans of Bitine
and I've been covering this for the last
few weeks, for the last few months,
actually. And I was able to precisely
call the bottom pretty much of the
Bitine chart in about the low30s before
it blasted off to 70 and now it's
sitting just below 60 bucks. Well, I
think we have another massive Treasury
Co. opportunity on the horizon. And in
many ways, we're getting ahead. We're
getting way ahead of the hype in
Treasury Co because it's starting with
Ethereum as it should be. These big
Treasury Co. vehicles are going to start
first with Bitcoin and then with
Ethereum. But then I think we should be
looking at other major assets that will
be extremely attractive to Wall Street.
It's important to understand this is a
moving target. Listen to Michael Sailor
explain how this target moves and then
we'll get to the opportunity at hand.
>> We're just in this uh epic of
institutional adoption. You've got the
right accounting, you've got the right
guidance, you've got the right law,
you've got the right tone at the top.
And that just means large riskaverse
bureaucratic organizations are going to
take their time to work through it. But
it's not like every single week I don't
have a conversation with the president
or the CEO of a bank or some other large
financial organization where I point out
that they're about to miss out on
trillions of dollars of opportunities
and this is why the private bank, the
commercial bank, the investment bank
should get involved. If you have the,
you know, I couldn't have those
conversations four years ago. Now we're
going to have those conversations every
day for the next four years. is we're
going to commence 10%. 20%.
And so we're we're in this uh
transition.
>> Now I think this is really really
important because the asset that we're
going to be talking today is going to
benefit tremendously from this
transition in multiple ways. This is to
me obviously one of the most important
assets in crypto. You've heard of it.
You know about it. But I don't think you
quite realize how big the potential is
for this asset cuz I believe that just
like we'll see a massive alt season, we
will also see a major season before
that. And this is not how the DAT sort
of landscape will end up looking. There
will be a lot more presence of alts,
especially the major alts that appeal to
Silicon Valley. And which alt am I
talking about? None other than Hyperlid,
which is of course having an amazing day
today. I mean, just look at this chart.
Absolutely insane. Now, you know about
Hyperlid. One of the things you might
not know about Hyperlid is that the
potential for this asset, if it does
fulfill its goals, is much higher. In
fact, this is an insane clip from Kyle
Chassis's broadcast with Arthur Hayes
where he puts what is to me a
mind-bending price target. But when you
think about it, compared to Ethereum and
compared to Bitcoin, no, this wouldn't
be a mind-bending price target. But
listen to this. Listen how big Mr.
Arthur Hayes thinks the hyperlquid asset
can become.
>> You mentioned, you know, hype. And uh at
that point, I felt like I'd already
missed the boat. I think it's probably
up, I don't know, maybe almost 2x since
that point. This is particular relevant
if you feel like you've missed the
hyperlquid train. I know a lot of people
feel like they have. It's already a huge
valuation like $55 billion in asset in
FTV. A lot of people are like, you know
what? I just can't buy a $55 billion
coin. I don't care if it's the greatest
thing since sliced bread. I can't do
that. So, this is the play for you. But
first, let's hear from Mr. Arthur Hayes.
Listen to this.
>> But it's something that I keep giving me
my attention back to. I still haven't
bought any yet. Do you think at this
valuation? It's currently sitting at FDV
almost 57 billion right now. There's
still a lot of room left to grow.
Absolutely. The amount of energy that
we've seen on these proposals for the uh
USDH from every major stable coin issuer
tells you how integral Hyperlquid is to
the trading ecosystem within crypto
within basically 18 months if you want
to think about it.
>> So the forward on this is amazing and as
more people learn about this it's only
going to get better. Uh the one thing
that is that gives me a bit of pause is
the massive unlock of the team tokens in
November. So, we're going to have to see
how that sort of um plays out in terms
of positioning. But, you know, as I said
in the presentation, my you know, 2028
target is in the, you know, 100x plus
sort of return if we get this sort of
massive move into stable coins. So,
that's sort of why I think
>> Yeah.
>> on hype.
>> On hype. That's what I went on stage.
And
>> so, so you think there'd be like a
a $5,000 token? Yeah.
>> So, there you hear it. Arthur Hayes
thinks that Hype could be a 100x play
from here. Meaning that Hyperlid, if it
fulfills its goals and actually goes
into stable coins and dominates there
because it's the number one platform for
speculation and open speculation with
the permissionless listings, he sees
that this could be the everything
speculation platform, the one exchange
to destroy them all. And if that's the
case, it's 100x from here, meaning a
$5,000 token, which would seem
absolutely crazy, but we've seen
multi,000 tokens out of Ethereum and out
of Bitcoin. Of course, this would mean
that it FDV was in the trillions. But
then again, we're talking about
monopolizing the most important sector
of crypto and having a total victory.
You might not even need to believe in
that because the truth is that I see a
new opportunity coming up, which is of
course combining what we've just talked
about in the efficiency of a Treasury
Co. to manage and expand your actual
ownership per share as well as the value
acrruel of the hyperlquid platform that
Arthur Hayes believes is possible. You
don't even need to believe that you
could go to $5,000. You could say, "Hey,
if we even go three, four, 5x from here,
then a Treasury Co. can deliver maybe 10
or 20x valuation." And that brings us to
Sonnet Biootherrapeutics holdings which
is of course the new digital asset
treasury which will be the largest
treasury focused on hyperlquid and hype
tokens. This was recently announced and
the merger will go forward to create a
new holding called Hyperliquid
Strategies or HSI. And so this right now
is the chart uh since they announced
here in July. You can see there was a
massive spike up and then a drop all the
way down from $30 here all the way down
to uh $2.40 and now it's just been
steadily grinding up. Now, I will say
there is potential that when this merger
actually takes effect, I think there
might be some insider allocations that
get unlocked into liquid stock which
would probably cause a little bit of a
temporary drop and that is the moment.
So, I'm not saying to rush in and buy
Sonnet Biootherrapeutics right now. In
fact, I am barely exposed to it now
because I believe that when this merger
does go into effect that this will
create a momentary but significant drop
and I'll be looking to buy that dip as a
way to get into this asset, especially
when it changes tickers over to HSI. And
that's when I'll be looking to load up
and go super hard on this. Now, I will
say this is a very small stock. It's
only like a $30 million market cap
stock. So this is a a micro cap stock by
all means. But it's important to realize
regulated financial institutions have
also heard tell of hype but they cannot
buy it. The types of entities that micro
strategy appealed to those massive money
bags those big banks those huge
institutional players that will totally
understand being the dominant
derivatives dex player. They will
understand hype's business model better
than anyone because that is the most
traditional financial model you've ever
heard being a national exchange. Right?
So those big players cannot buy Hype
legally. they cannot do it. The only way
that they'll be able to buy Hyperlid is
via these treasury companies. And at
least at first, that will be the main
spigot of new liquidity into the
Hyperlid ecosystem. Hype has barely been
listed on major tier 1 crypto exchanges
because it presents a huge point of
competition for mainstream exchanges
like Coinbase, like Binance, like Bybit,
you name it. So, they did not want to
list hype at first. However, once this
Treasury company vehicle goes through,
I'm going to be loading up. This is
going to be one of my more aggressive
plays. And I just want to take a second
to shout out Capital Flows here. Follow
Global Flows at Global Flows. This is
one of the best accounts, period, on
Twitter, and they're the ones who put me
onto this trade. And I've been looking
for a catch-up trade to get more
exposure to hype. Obviously, I've been
holding and accumulating hype, but this
has been my feeling is that I can't
bring myself to buy big clips in the
30s, 40s, and 50s. I want to get a
better way to get into this asset. And I
think I finally have it here with the
Sonnet Biotechnologies aka soon to be
hyperlquid strategies. So shout out
Capital Flows here. But I just wanted to
put this out with some very big bold
disclaimers. This could go horribly
wrong. I do not know if this is going to
go well. But if this is accurate and
this becomes the dominant hyperlquid
digital asset treasury and hyperlquid
goes up into the hundreds of dollars and
maybe higher, I think that that Treasury
Co. will go up more than 10x,
potentially 20, 30x or more. That is the
opportunity that I think is possible.
I'm not going to be waiting till 20 or
30x. I will be obviously taking profits
as the thing grows, but I'm going to be
sticking some nice clips into this once
the merger goes live. I'm going to be
keeping you up to date on that. And
that's going to be my strategy here to
get into Hyperlid. I sincerely hope you
guys have enjoyed this episode, the
first low cap gem, not your traditional
low cap gem. It's actually a low cap gem
based upon a high cap gem, which is
hyperlquid through this new phenomenon
called digital asset treasuries. And I
think that this one is unlike the rest
because of course the underlying is one
of the most exciting tokens in crypto.
As always, you know what to do. If you
enjoy this one, make sure to smash that
like button. Make sure to check out
Soore Launchpad, which is about to
launch on Salana, a friend of the
channel and a sponsor. So, shout out to
them. And of course, if you want some
absolutely massive cash back for
trading, make sure to sign up on my link
for Blofen, who are the official
exchange partner of the channel. As
always, if you enjoyed this one, click
on this video popping up right now, and
I'll see you very soon on the next
episode.