AI video is about to break the internet
with one anime because now you can
literally face swap with video and turn
yourself into anyone you want. You can
even put yourself in any video or any
movie scene. And the craziest part is
you don't even need any complicated
softwares. You literally just press a
few buttons and it's honestly that
simple. So this is a new tool called one
2.2 Animate. And in this video, I'm
going be showing you how to use it, the
best ways you can use it, where to use
it, and even how you can use it for
completely free, which I'll show you how
to do that at the very end of this
video, so stay tuned. But a quick
disclaimer, it is pretty complicated to
set up if you want to do it for free,
and you will need a very high-end PC.
Now, one animate has two main features.
The first one is photo animate, meaning
you have your source image that you want
to animate via a driving video. So
essentially it's going to animate that
image that you give it with all the
movements from the video that you give
it. And the second one is character swap
where you can essentially replace a
character in an already existing video.
So the image that you give it is used to
replace the character in that video. Now
before jumping into it all, I do want to
say a quick thank you because we've just
reached 100,000 subscribers and that's
always been a huge dream of mine. So
thank you so much. And I do want to let
you guys know if you are new to AI and
want to actually learn how to use all
the best AI tools for your content or
your brand or you just want to stay
ahead of the curve, then be sure to
check out my AI community down below.
But with all that said, let's go ahead
and jump right into the video. So, let's
start off with where to use one. Right
now, you have a few different options.
I'm going to walk you through all of
these and you can access it directly via
one's website. So, head over to this
website. It'll be linked in the
description down below. Then go ahead
and log in via Google. From here, you
want to head over to generate. Then you
want to go over to this video tab and
select avatar. From here, you'll have
your two options, character swap and
photo animate. Now, quick disclaimer
before you even try to animate. It's not
very good. You're going to waste a lot
of time on this website. I think I
wasted over 1 hour just to generate one
video, and the results look pretty
terrible. I'm going to show some on
screen right now, and I was extremely
disappointed. The only reason I'm
showing this is because you do have the
option to generate videos for free, but
the wait times are going to be
exceptionally long. I have also bought
credits and the wait times are just as
long. But I wanted to show you this
option just in case you did want to try
it out. But again, the results you're
getting from this for some reason just
aren't very good. Now, the second way to
use it, which I personally think is the
best way to do it right now, is on Vosu
AI. You just need to go ahead and click
on get started. You can sign in with
Google. From here, you want to head over
to video to video and then you want to
make sure to select the one animate
replace. I'll go over both models in
just a second, but for now, we're going
to click on this one. Now, I will
mention that this isn't free. However,
if you go ahead and upgrade, you'll see
that it is extremely affordable starting
at just 10 bucks. And I spoke with them
directly. And if you get any plan and
then head to checkout and use the code
one, you're actually going to get 15%
off your first 3 months, which is pretty
awesome. And of course, the really cool
part about Vosu is you have access to
all the latest AI video models as well
as image models. So you've got VO3,
you've got 1, 2.5, 2.2, you even have
Cream. And it's the same thing when it
comes to the image models. You've got
Nano Banana, you've got Flux, Miniax
image, Luma. Every single image
generator you can think of is going to
be inside of Vossu. And the best part is
they're updating this every single day.
So whenever there's a new model that
comes out, you can be sure that it's
going to be inside of Vossu. But enough
of that. Let's go ahead and show you how
to actually use one animate. So make
sure you're selecting the animate
replace model. Now from here, it's as
simple as adding your video and your
image. Now this method is going to
replace the character from your video.
So if we go ahead and add a video right
here. And now let's say I want to
replace me with Megan Fox. We go on the
images and again the exact same process.
We can add this image of Megan Fox. Go
ahead and click on open. Then you can
choose your resolution right here and
then click on generate. And boom. Check
this out. And you can literally turn
yourself into whoever you want. It's got
perfect lip sync. It's got facial
expressions. And it even has full-on
body movement. Now, you will notice that
this method is great. However, you will
also notice that it's actually replaced
Megan Fox entirely with a completely
different outfit. So, let's say you
actually want to go ahead and keep
everything the same, but you just want
to change the face. Let's go ahead and
fix that. To do this, you can do it all
inside of Vossu, which is great. Just
head over to image to image. From here,
we're going to go ahead and select a
model and go on Nano Banana. Now, you
want to grab a screenshot of your video
that you're using, which I've already
gone ahead and done. So, this is the
screenshot. And from here, we're just
going to go ahead and drag that in here.
Then, we're going to add a simple
prompt. Change the man to Megan Fox. We
can go ahead and disable the prompt
enhancer. And then go ahead and click on
generate. And boom. So, from here, we
want to go ahead and download our image.
Then, we want to go back to video to
video. And we're going to do the exact
same process. Make sure we're selecting
the animate and replace. Then we're
going to go ahead and add our video. And
then from here, we're going to go ahead
and add our new image, which is this
one. Click on open. Then make sure your
resolution is 720p. Then generate. And
boom. And you can literally turn
yourself into whoever you want. It's got
perfect lip sync. It's got facial
expressions. And it even has full-on
body move. And as you can see, it's
keeping everything the exact same, but
it's actually done a real face swap and
just turned me into whoever I want. So,
this Nano banana and one animate method
is the one that you would actually use
if you wanted to put yourself in a
different movie scene or a different
video just like these.
>> Rick Sorcin,
>> excuse me, Mr. Sorcin, you are 5 minutes
late. Is there a reason why I should let
you in?
>> I look, I'm just trying to ditch the
cops, okay? I I don't really care if you
let me in or not.
>> Mr. Spectre will be right with you.
>> What? Now for the second method which is
the photo animate one. This is going to
animate any image you give it with the
movements of your driving video that you
upload. So so to do this you want to
make sure that you change your one anime
to one animate move. And from here it's
the exact same process but this time you
want to go ahead and upload your image.
So we're using one of Moana. And this
time we're going to add a different
video
which is this one. And then we're going
to go ahead and click on open. Make sure
your resolution is 720. Click on
generate and boom. Check this out. Okay,
now this is me testing out photo
animate. So now the image is now
reenacting my exact movements and facial
expressions, which is pretty cool. Now
this is pretty incredible because now
you can bring any image to life with the
exact same movement you want. And you
don't need to learn any complicated
animation skills, which is kind of
crazy. And on screen, you're going to
see a few different examples of how you
can actually just go ahead and animate
these images into videos.
Now, like I said, there is a way to use
one 2.2 locally on your computer. And in
order to do this, you need to head over
to Com UI. Go ahead and download this
one. depending on your operating system
and install it on your computer. From
here, you want to make sure you select
the templates, then search for one, and
then select this model right here. And
then you're going to need to download
all of these different models. I think
it's about 30 GB, so make sure you've
got enough storage. And then once that's
done, you'll be on a page that looks
like this. Now, you will need to do
quite a bit of configuration. It's not
drag and drop, and it is a little bit
complex. So, if you've not worked with
Comfy before, I'll link a video in the
description down below which you can go
ahead and check out. And after about 30
minutes of tinkering, you should be able
to upload your image and your video. But
then you actually do have to track all
of the elements that you actually want
changed in your video. So again, it's
not as simple as doing it inside of VSU.
You actually have to do quite a bit of
manual tasks. And again, you will need
quite a powerful PC. The one that I've
got behind me took about 5 minutes to
generate a video. But the upside is it
is free. But honestly, it's just way
easier to use it on Vossu cuz it's not
going to give you a headache like it did
for me and it works amazingly. But
that's it. I hope this video helped and
if it did, smash the like button and
subscribe for more AI updates just like
this one. And again, if you want to
learn how to master all the best AI
tools, then be sure to check out my AI
community down below. I'll see you in
the next one.