Hi everyone, I hope you're doing well
and welcome back to the channel. So
today's video is about how you can
master the toughest shot in golf, the
long bunker shot. The bunker shots that
sort of 25 to maybe 40 yards. Okay, it's
a horrible shot. I don't think anybody
actually enjoys this shot, but it's a
shot you get um quite frequently. So
we're going to go through three
different ways you can play this shot.
Find the best that suits your game to
try and get this shot a little safer
because we know this shot is dangerous.
I see a lot of players when they're
playing this shot just take way too much
sand and just leave it in the front,
plug it in the face like that. And then
of course, this is the other one I see.
The player tries to to muscle it out,
gets the ball first and sort of thins it
way over the green there. Okay, you've
all done it. I've done it. Very, very
easy to do. So, option number one, this
is where this might be a bit more of the
advanced one. Uh, and when you've got to
carry it almost all of the way like cuz
sometimes you've been in a back of a
bunker and the pin might just be over a
lip for example and that's a really
tough shot. So you got to get height and
you've got to carry it all the way and
try and stop it. So this is basically
where you use your standard greenside
bunker shot but you increase the speed.
And it's difficult because like human
nature and just mentally the problem
with this shot is we know it's two,
three, four times served than we
normally hit our greenside uh bunker
shot, 10, 12 yard bunker shot. So we
start to drive too much. We start to
transfer our weight too much and that's
when we get the thin one or the really
heavy one. So we have to play the
greenside technique. So we're going to
work into this position nice and low.
left foot flare, pelvis forward, little
bit of reverse tilt because there's a
bit of sand there. But what I have to do
is increase the speed in which I work
the sand. I've got to do that to get the
ball coming out quicker. But where most
people get this wrong is they go with
the hips. Got to do it with your chest.
So, I'm going to play a green side shot
with loads of chest speed. It's for me,
this isn't my preferred way of doing it,
but it's sometimes I say you've got to
uh play this shot and figure out what
works best for you. Let's give this a
go. So, I'm going to really stay
planted, okay? I don't want to get loose
in my legs. So, down with my feet,
increase the chest speed and see if I
can carry it. That pin, by the way, that
back pin is 32 yards from here for your
reference. Okay, here we go. Let's use
some chest speed.
So, you can Oh, that was a really nice
first one. That should be pretty good. I
can't see the bottom of the pin there,
but I think that carried I I I felt like
that had a lot of spin, like it just
landed and stopped dead. So, that was
perfect. I don't really want to hit
another one now and demonstrate another,
but I will. Um, so that felt like I was
heavy in the legs and I really just
increased my chest speed. That's my 56
degree, by the way. It's my standard
technique and that allowed it to get
there. Let's try that again. So, I'm
hitting one inch before the ball, but
more chest speed.
That didn't quite get there, but it's
still a pretty good attempt. That might
be 15 ft or so. Um, that's the
difficulty of this shot. So, there's
option one for you. Now there's a
slightly um safer version of this which
is called the chunk and run. So
basically you take rather than take that
trying to take the sort of one in of
sand which I generally try and take to
spin it. I'm going to take between two
and maybe three inches of sand bumble it
out and sort of let it run to the pin.
So all I'm going to do here is rather
than looking at the ball which is where
I normally look for a bunker shot, I'm
going to look at sort of a ghost ball
behind it which is going to bring me in
a little bit earlier. I'm not really
changing anything else. I'm still trying
to apply some chest speed, but when you
take more sand, the ball the sand sort
of goes over the ball and the ball
creates that top spin and it runs out to
the pin. So, this for a lot of you is
safer, particularly if you're prone to
that thin one. Okay. So, I'm just going
to put a little bit of shaft lean into
it. Not quite as back as I normally
would be, but the main thing is to take
a little more sand like I've done there.
So, that's that should have lots of
running. And I can't see it, but I think
that was running out versus that first
one that really really had lots of spin.
So I took 3 in of sand there. I just
came in earlier and then the sand has
worked the ball out flat. It's just
carried the lip and it's probably run, I
don't know, 20 30 ft there. So that's
the other way of doing it. So option
one, you use your regular bunker
greenside technique. Increase your
speed.
Option one B if you like you hit it a
little bit heavy and play the chunk and
run. Okay, so that's one way of doing
it. Just I say I want you to check all
these out, practice them, see which see
which uh works best for you. Now, it's a
bit more advanced, but some of you might
find this um quite easy. It's a shot
I've talked to a lot of tour pros and a
lot of advanced players that I think
works really well. It's it's the way I
would tend to play it uh if I'm looking
for a bit of control. that's maybe not
quite as risky as that first one I
showed you, which is a draw version.
And what that means is I'm going to drop
my right foot back. I'm going to swing a
little bit in and actually release the
club still. Still doing a release two.
The release two is where the busted
grip's pointing at the belt buckle just
after the ball. But what I'm doing here
is turning the face at the same time. So
the sand is being moved more in a
forward direction. And I'm actually
putting a right to left spin axis on the
ball, which helps carry it further. You
can still spin it a bit, but it will
land and it tends to want to sort of run
a little bit to the left with that right
to left spin. And I find that quite nice
at this 30 35 yard shot. Um, sounds
advanced, but it's not really. Don't
don't open the face quite as much as
normal. Just have it a fraction open.
But you can see how my alignment now I'm
really back this way, pointing more to
the right. Ball position still just
inside the heel. We're in, releasing it,
but I'm turning over. Just try and let's
see if I can move the ball right to
left. in and release a draw.
There you go. That's drawing. So, that
will land and that run out. I find that
the easiest way for me to do it. I'm
using my 56, which is my sand wedge, but
I'm turning the loft down and I'm really
working the sand forward. If you got
lots of sand in the bunker, this might
not work. This is when you got like a
nice normal amount of sand and you can
work it forward. I'll hit one more for
you. So, drop the foot back in. Turn it
over. See how the face Now, normally my
green side um wedge as it comes through
this way is this way. I'm really holding
it on now. I'm turning it over. Okay,
I'm drawing the ball. Drop the foot
back. Hit the draw. Square the face off.
Hit the draw.
See that move right to left. That should
be pretty good. So, I found that really
easy. That's how I play it. That's the
second option for you. The third option
is where we move away from the sand
wedge and we start to go to stronger
loss. And this for me might be the best
version for a lot of you at home. I've
got a selection of clubs here just to
really show you. I'm going to go to a
nine iron. Okay, so quite a strong loft.
And as I said right at the beginning of
this video, I think the reason a lot of
golfers struggle with this shot is
definitely just down to human nature of
like thinking, well, I've got to get my
ball all the way to that pin. They start
hitting it too hard. They lose the
ground. The legs start sliding. Contact
goes all over the place. The beauty
about having something like a nine or a
pitching wedge or even a 50-52 in your
hand, you know, you've got a much
stronger loft. So just mentally, you
don't feel like you've got to hit it as
hard. So you start to swing a little bit
smoother. The narrow sole of a nine iron
or a pitching wedge will skip the sand
quicker and you can really apply your
normal sort of 15 yard distance in terms
of speed and length of swing, but do it
with a stronger loft and it really goes
from 10 yards to 30 yards just from the
club change. Like the club is doing most
of the work. So nine iron. It looks a
little bit strange visually when you're
looking down like it looks nothing like
your sandwich, but you got to get over
that. Everything else is the same. So,
I'm setting up the same bit of sand on
that. And um I'm doing my normal swing
now. Don't need to hit it any harder. I
don't need to turn any quicker than I
would for a 10 yard shot. So, in my
mind, I'm tricking myself to hit a 10
yard bunker shot with my sand wedge.
I've just got this club in my hand.
Okay. And then let's see how we get on
with this. So, I'm not trying to draw
this now. I'm actually trying to keep
the loft on through the ball. Nine iron
bunker shot.
You see how that splashed?
So easy to get there. Hit that really,
really softly. And you see how it just
carried out. It will run a little bit
more of the nine, but let's try that
again.
This should be a nice shot. So easy.
This is probably how I would recommend
for most of you at home watching. This
is how you should go for a long bunker
shot. Don't put yourself through the
stress of a sand wedge. Obviously, a bit
more advanced, try that draw one or that
first shot I showed you. But this is
just repeatable. You don't have to hit
it hard and it will just run run all the
way out there. That was a non. That's
probably a little bit exaggerated for
that 30 yard shot, but I was just trying
to show you. 52 is another really nice
option or a 50. Depends what lost you
carry, but a 52 is obviously a little
bit stronger than a 56 I would normally
use.
And uh again, just mentally, I know I've
got a bit of strength in that loft. I
don't have to hit it too hard.
And there's the 52. Pretty close. Okay.
So, you know, you get a bit of trial and
error. You're going to have to try a few
clubs, see which works best for you in
terms of um playing that long bunk shot
with less loft, but I've just shown you
the nine iron or a pitching wedge. What
a great option that is. So, just to
recap, you've got option one, play your
normal green side shot, but increase
your chest speed, not your leg speed.
There's a slightly different version of
that where you play the chunk and run
where you just take a little bit more
sand. That's quite a nice safer one if
you're worried about hitting the thin
shot. Second version, which have a go
with, I think you'll be able to to get
this to practice as a draw, right? It's
my personal favorite, hitting a draw
bunker shot. And then you've got, I
think, maybe the safest version of just
using different lofts, stronger lofts
with your regular green side technique.
And that then will send the uh the ball
further almost for free. And I think
that's the easiest and safest way to
play this very, very difficult shot. But
not difficult anymore, is it? Right. So
hopefully that makes sense and you can
put that in your own game. And we shall
see you next