Well, it's finally starting. Michael Bur
is back. And his latest bet revealed in
this report is already paying off hugely
for the investor. And if Bur's right,
this contrarian trade could still have a
ton of growth ahead that investors can
still get in on. So, if you don't know
who he is, Michael Bur is one of the
investors who correctly predicted the
housing bubble back in 2008 before the
biggest real estate crash in history.
And that one trade ended up profiting
over $700 million for his investors and
over $100 million for Bur personally.
But now he's making a new bet that goes
against the overall grain of the market
right now. Now, if you've been following
stocks at all recently, you've seen some
of the crazy volatility in the market.
Between record high AI valuations, the
market dropping on tariffs and then
immediately rebounding, and global
conflict threatening major supply
chains, there's a lot of uncertainty
about where the market is going to go
next. But it's in the most volatile
markets that the best investors find the
biggest opportunities. And Michael Bur
in particular is interesting because he
has made some massive profits betting
against the grain of the market in the
past. He made millions betting against
the.com bubble, hundreds of millions
predicting the housing crash, and he
even profited from shorting Kathy Wood's
Arc Innovation ETF during the tech crash
in 2021. Love him or hate him, this guy
has made a lot of money betting big when
he sees an opportunity. And he's clearly
seeing some big opportunities now, which
we can see in this Scion Asset
Management's 13F filing. This is
basically a cheat sheet of every trade
that Bur's fund made last quarter. So,
let's first look at Bur's biggest bet
that's already paying him millions.
Then, we'll look at his other trades
that can give us a clue for what Bur
sees coming next in the market and what
we can do to prepare as regular
investors.
So, starting with Bur's biggest trade in
United Health Group, Bur bought a little
over $6 million in United Health stock
directly, but he also placed massive
call option bets worth an additional $19
million into United Health Group. Call
options are basically a way to profit if
the stock price rises, but they're
riskier than buying a stock directly
because they can become worthless if the
stock doesn't rise fast enough. It's
like putting in a small down payment to
lock in today's price, hoping that the
price rises in the future. And if it
doesn't, your down payment expires
worthless. But what this means is this
company, which is a very controversial
stock that actually dropped as much as
60% from its peak price, this was Bur's
biggest bet for the quarter, followed
closely by another huge bet on a
different healthcare stock, which we'll
see in a minute. But this united health
trade needs some context because it
really lays the foundation for what Bur
is doing in the market in general and
his playbook that we'll look at in a
second. So let's go back in time 2
years. United Health was the biggest
health insurance company by market share
and the company was worth around half a
trillion dollars. But then in December
2024, the company lost its CEO in a very
public way and the company's market cap
plunged to half of what they'd been
worth before. But this is where things
get interesting. Warren Buffett,
arguably the greatest investor in the
world, started buying up United Health,
but he didn't tell anybody. He kept it a
secret. And then just this past August,
when Buffett's positions became public,
the stock jumped in price by nearly 40%.
Because people love to copy what Warren
Buffett is doing. Now, we don't know if
Bur somehow predicted that this is the
stock Buffett was buying or if he was
just looking at the same data that
Buffett was, but we do know that Bur
bought into the stock before that jump
in price, making him as much as $42
million in profit in just a few weeks.
That's like two dozen lifetimes worth of
income that he made off of one trade.
Amazing timing. But what matters more to
investors is after the stock's recent
rise, there are still two huge reasons
the stock could continue to grow from
here, as well as one big risk that we'll
have to watch out for. And Bur seems to
be well aware of the potential here. And
then we'll look at some of Bur's other
trades that haven't yet risen as much,
but which together send a very strong
message about what Bur sees for the
future of the stock market. So, United
Health has two big reasons it could keep
on rising from here. And the first one
is likely the reason that Warren
Buffett, a famous value investor, still
holds the stock today. So, I made this
chart of the six biggest health
insurance companies by market cap.
United Health Group is still the largest
stock overall. But this is a chart of
those same companies now shown by
valuation using what's called the PE
ratio. The PE ratio shows how much
investors are willing to pay for a
company's earnings. It's like buying a
vending machine that makes $1,000 a
month. If one of those machines costs
$10,000, but then another one costs
$20,000, you're probably going to go for
the cheaper one, assuming the two
machines are the same. Well, United
Health is now the second cheapest health
insurance company on the market with a
PE ratio of only 13.4. So, at least
right now, in our analogy, it is one of
the cheapest vending machines that money
can buy. But the second big reason this
stock has a lot of upside from here is
kind of a two-sided coin with the
capital letters risk that this stock
also faces and it comes from a deeper
warning that Michael Bur as well as
investors such as Ray Dalio and Warren
Buffett have been sending about the
markets. See Warren Buffett is now
sitting on his largest cash position in
Berkshire Hathaway history. Ray Dalio
has warned that soaring US debt
threatens the dollar's status as the
reserve currency of the world. and
Michael Bur's trades have followed a
pattern that looks like a hedge against
the future of the market. And United
Health is a so-called defensive stock,
meaning it tends to perform well in a
broader market downturn. So, if we saw a
downturn, this stock might perform
better than average, but it's still a
risk we need to watch out for. But
before we get all doom and gloom, let's
take a look at Bur's other trades this
quarter. Because I think they reveal
something a little more subtle about
where he sees this market going and how
we can make money as investors by
following the deeper playbook that Bur
is using in today's market. Now, when it
comes to investing, saving money is
making money because the more you save,
the more you can invest. And one way you
can save money is by making your
existing equipment last longer, which is
where this video sponsor, Clean My Mac,
comes in. Clean My Mac helps you remove
clutter on your Mac and tackle battery
drains that can lead to overheating.
Their SmartCare dashboard lets you
manage everything and have complete
control over how your Mac performs, like
removing all those unused programs or
cached files that are just taking up
space. This helps keep your Mac running
like new and avoid you needing to
upgrade your machine unnecessarily.
They've also launched their new cloud
cleanup feature which you can connect to
your desktop version of iCloud, One
Drive or Google Drive to find big space
wasters and synced and unsynced files.
All that scanning happens locally on
your Mac so your data stays safe and you
can decide if you want to remove files
from your disc or just from the cloud.
So, I personally use Google Drive a lot
with my Mac and I get those constant
warnings that I need to pay for more
Google storage, which are super annoying
to deal with, and you have to manually
delete files or you end up paying even
more for storage. So, boost speeds, cut
costs, and get tidy today. You can try 7
days free. And if you use code fintech,
you get 20% off when you sign up. Make
sure to use the link in the description
and use code fintech at checkout. And
now, let's look at one of the biggest
bets that Bur has been making on the
future of the stock market. So Bur has a
bit of a reputation at this point of
always predicting the next market crash.
He's been called a broken clock in the
past, but like he showed with his
millions of profit in United Health,
when he sees an opportunity, he's
willing to bet big with his own money on
the line. And Bur has made some pretty
big bets this quarter that tell us a lot
about how he sees today's market. And
those trades have not fully played out
yet. So Bur made two types of trades.
Short-term options trades and longerterm
stock purchases. So let's start with the
short-term trades because Bur has made
some huge changes here. So if we look at
this report from last quarter, most of
Bur's trades were put options. Basically
betting that tech and Chinese stocks
would go down. But now Bur has
completely reversed course, betting that
several of those same stocks will now
rise. So, in this report, he made two
major bets on Chinese tech stocks,
Alibaba and JD.com, betting on a very
short-term rise in these stocks. He also
surprised investors by betting on some
AI stocks, $73 million worth of Meta and
$20 million worth of semiconductor stock
ASML. Again, a major reversal from his
previous bet against other AI stocks
like Nvidia. And he also made a $17
million bet on VF Corp, an apparel
company. Now, that's a lot of info, but
I think that there's two big takeaways
from just Bur's short-term trading. One,
we've seen Bur again and again make
these sort of contrarian bets,
especially against US China tariffs.
Basically, 3 months ago, Bur bet that US
trade tensions would cool off and we
kind of saw that happen. Talks have
softened from earlier this year. So, Bur
successfully timed the China rebound by
betting against and then on the market
with these short-term positions. But I
think there's a second takeaway from the
short-term trades before we look at
Bur's longerterm trades, and that's that
investors need to be careful about just
copying Bur's trades directly. Options
trades are often very short-term, and
these reports, well, they can be delayed
by up to 45 days. So, they can show us
Bur's mindset, but we can't just copy
the short-term moves. But these
short-term trades are interesting, but
we can learn a lot more by looking at
Bur's long-term bets on stocks that he
actually bought. And there's a pattern
that reveals Bur's playbook for how he's
buying stocks in today's market and how
we can use that playbook to prepare for
what Bur sees coming without just
copying his trades.
So, first off, it's interesting to look
at the sectors that Bur has been buying
up. And this is a chart of all of Bur's
recent buys. It's a very big change from
the targeted bets he's made in the past
against specific industries like tech.
His biggest positions are now in the
health care market. Over $10 million
into Buger Corp, United Health, and over
a hundred million dollars into Regeneron
Pharmaceuticals if we count call
options. It's a really big bet on
healthcare. Now, healthc care is
traditionally a defensive stocks
industry, meaning it performs well if
the economy drops. Defensive stocks also
tend to be much more stable in a
volatile market because if you need
medicine or medical treatment, you can't
just stop buying them if the economy
drops. But this doesn't just look like a
bet on a market drop to me. If we look
at Bur's other trades, it looks like
he's doing something deeper. See, at the
same time as he bought these defensive
healthc care stocks, he also sold stocks
in another defensive industry. Bur
actually reduced his position in the
consumer staples market, which is
something that you would normally want
to hold during a downturn. And at the
same time, he opened up new positions in
consumer discretionary stocks Lululemon
and Marcato Libre, which are the
opposite of defensive because in a
market downturn, expensive leggings are
probably one of the first areas where
people will stop spending. At least you
hope. So, at least at an industry level,
it's a mix. Bur holds stocks that will
do well in a market downturn, but he's
also investing tens of millions into
cyclical stocks that rely on a strong
economy to grow. And this seems to show
that Bur is more interested in the type
of stock than the industry that they're
in. And there seem to be three patterns
that make up Bur's playbook for why he
bought the six stocks that he purchased.
So, let's walk through each of these
three patterns using this report and
focusing on just his long-term ownership
plays. So, let's start at the first
pattern they all have in common by
looking at their recent stock price
performance. Bur bought $1.9 million in
the clothing brand Lululemon, a stock
that's down over 50% in the past year
after the company has struggled amid
slowing US sales and a brand that feels
safe and predictable after 27 years in
business. Lululemon is clearly a beaten
down stock and it's not the only one. We
saw he has a big holding in United
Health, a stock that's dropped 60% from
its peak. Regeneron Pharmaceuticals down
50% in the past year. Marcato Libre not
down but certainly underperforming the
broader tech market which is up more
than 20% in the past year and we see the
same pattern in his two other holdings
Estee Lauder and Brooker Corporation. So
of the stocks Bur has recently bought
positions in the average is down over
the past year and most are down over
50%. Now this clearly shows that Bur is
not just chasing expensive stocks or
whatever's popular on investing Twitter
or X. The market may be at all-time
highs, but Bur is focusing on the areas
that are still cheap. This is the first
lesson in Bur's playbook. Buy beaten
down stocks that you can get at a
discount. Why pay full price if there's
a season discount going on? But there
are still two more parts to this
playbook. Bur isn't just buying every
cheap stock because most stocks that
decline have a reason for going down.
They're usually just bad companies. But
that's where number two comes in, which
is betting on emotional selling. So,
let's see what that looks like for Bur
and then we'll see how we can spot
similar opportunities ourselves. So,
first, Lululemon. It's a company that
has struggled amid fears of tariffs and
macroeconomic uncertainty. People are
saying that these fashionforward
athletic leggings were just a trend
that's already run its course. And the
CEO calling out customers for not being
fit enough also didn't go over super
well. But Bur is betting that there is
some underappreciated value here that's
being driven by people getting overly
pessimistic about the stock because
Lululemon isn't just a clothing company.
They also have a strong brand with real
value that they can use to turn around
the stock if they play their cards
right. And it's the same story with
these other stocks. We already saw
United Health, which has had bad press
after bad press, but big investors
clearly see strong recovery potential.
Regeneron is really interesting because
it's a pharmaceutical company that's
mainly driven by four major products,
but one in particular, Dupricx, is
seeing extremely strong growth, up 21%
year-over-year, and it's now been
approved for new uses in the US and is
pending review in the US and Japan. And
that's not even including their
longerterm investments. Brooker is a
medical company making research
instruments, but after their drop, it's
been getting bought up by several large
investors, including Ken Griffin, the
CEO of Citadel, possibly because the
market is underestimating the value of
their proprietary research instruments,
which is a business they could sell off
to a much bigger company if they needed
to. It's also one of the cheapest
companies in its industry by price to
sales ratio, meaning an acquisition here
really wouldn't be that crazy. Next, we
have Esteee Lauder, which I covered in a
ton of detail in this video, but they're
a makeup company. They're a lipstick
stock that can actually act as a
recession hedge. They're also one of the
biggest companies in the makeup
industry. And yet, the stock itself is
now one of the cheapest stocks by price
to sales ratio in this space. And if we
look at the last one, Marcato Libre,
which is sometimes called the Amazon of
Latin America, this company also has
some hidden value that is being driven
by emotional selling. Latin America has
one of the fastest growing markets for
e-commerce, and it has been for years.
But Marcato Libre has seen slower price
growth, possibly due to fears of US
tariffs. So, a bet here would really
track with Bur's past history of betting
against US tariff restrictions. So, that
is pattern number two, buying hidden
value through making contrarian trades.
Now, spotting that hidden value is a
skill, but we can use part three of
Bur's playbook to help spot that value.
And that third pattern is the most
interesting to me because it matches the
type of stocks that Warren Buffett was
buying in his most recent 13F filing.
See, Bur has been buying big into high
cash flowing companies. United Health
Group is a great example. While the
stock is down, they are throwing off
huge amounts of cash. Cash that can be
used in a downturn to buy back the
stock, buy up competitors, or just
improve the business. Especially in a
highly volatile market, the more cash a
company has, the more control it has
over the business. And there's a really
neat, pretty simple way we can use cash
flow to spot hidden, undervalued stocks.
It's actually the same technique that
Warren Buffett uses to value companies,
and it's called discounted cash flow.
Warren Buffett says the intrinsic value
of a stock is the value of all the
future cash a business will produce
discounted by its future versus present
value. So, we can use a metric called
discounted cash flow to figure out what
a stock is actually worth and then
compare that to the stock price to see
if it's cheap or expensive. So, here's
the equation you would use if you wanted
to calculate this yourself, but it's
2025 and a ton of websites will just
report this metric automatically. And if
we look at Bur stocks using this metric,
they look very cheap. So, according to
forecaster, United Health trades at a
price of $350 per share, but it should
be worth closer to $750 based on their
discounted cash flow, Buffett's favorite
valuation metric. Regeneron trades 20%
below their fair value based on cash
flow. Brooker Corp. is listed at 146%
below its fair value, while Lululemon is
315%
undervalued. And Marcato Libre is listed
at just shy of 500% undervalued.
Although forecaster does warn this gap
is so high, there could be other factors
affecting this stock's valuation. And
cash flow isn't always the best metric
for tech companies specifically. But the
underlying lesson is the same. by high
cash flow stocks as a way to insulate
against the high volatility and
uncertainty that we're seeing in today's
market, which is important because JP
Morgan is now betting that we will see
even more volatility in the coming
months. But now that we have Bur's
playbook, let's take a look at how
normal investors can apply this in their
own portfolios without just copying a
millionaire's trades. Oh, and if you've
learned anything useful so far, consider
subscribing. We're on a quest to pass
the Molly full and subscribers and help
make databacked investing research
available to everyone. We still very
much feel like the underdogs, but if you
want to help out, consider subscribing.
And so, I think there are two big
lessons that any investor can take away
from what Bur is buying and selling
today. The first is how Bur uses
something called the barbell strategy,
where you combine a high-risk,
highreward investment with a lower risk
investment for stability. essentially
cutting out the middle risk parts and
just going for the extremes on risk like
Bur is doing by pairing his short-term
highly risky bets with the cash and
likely bonds that he is holding on the
sidelines. Now, this barbell strategy
comes from derivatives trader and
statistician Nasim Talib who showed this
strategy works to better protect
investors against unexpected events and
it's one of the ways that he like
Michael Bur actually profited during the
2008 market collapse. It's a really
interesting technique and you could
spend hours going into it with Tib's
books, but here's how you can use the
barbell strategy to prepare for both a
market crash or just a more volatile
market going forward. So, what I
personally do is put most of my money
into a lower risk passive index fund in
my retirement account with a smaller
amount going into higher risk, higher
reward, smaller stocks and emerging
technology. not betting everything on
risky stocks, but also not being too
scared to invest your money in the
market and make sure it is working for
you. And this works well because when
the market dips, I don't feel like all
my money is at risk. Most of it is
fairly safe and I get to participate in
the upside when something like AI
appears before it gets too overvalued.
But the second lesson that I think
investors can take away is even easier
to implement. So, there's been plenty of
talk about a coming market crash,
especially as we continue to see the S&P
500 hit new all-time highs every month.
But what Bur has shown us is even if
certain parts of the market are
overvalued, you can still find deals in
other parts of the market. The S&P 500's
recent rise has been driven almost
entirely by seven stocks that now make
up more than a third of the entire
index. But while those stocks have been
grabbing headlines, there are a lot of
boring companies that have continued to
build their brands, print cash, all
while their stock prices are down due to
emotional selling. And these are the
opportunities that we can look for where
there's a disconnect between the value
of the company and the emotional trading
around it. There are still deals out
there. So stay disciplined, stay
patient, and look at areas where
conventional wisdom is betting against
the market. and then maybe we can make
profits just like Michael Bur. Although
probably not $42 million in a few weeks.
I don't know. Maybe maybe you personally
can do that. But if you want to hear
more about what Warren Buffett is doing
in today's market, in this video I go
into all the stocks that he is buying
and selling, as well as a warning that
he has been issuing for the market and
how regular investors like us can
respond.