Can this crazy piece of tech change the
way we play tennis? Well, a couple of
weeks ago on YouTube, I was watching two
guys race, but one was using this
Hypershell Exoskeleton. Now, this got me
thinking. If this product helps you run
faster for longer with less exertion,
could I use this to play tennis? Well,
Hypershell kindly sent me their NextG
exoskeleton to try it out for myself.
I'm going to be splitting the testing up
into two sections. an off-c court
physical test in the environment it's
built for and then I'm going to be going
on court to test it in the second test
in full hyper mode which you'll find out
more about later to see if I can start
moving like Alcarz and have the
endurance of Raffon the clay but first
let's unbox it right guys so on the
channel in the past you've seen me test
some really cool gadgets to see if I can
even play tennis with them whether they
give me an advantage but the product
today that I'm going to be testing I'm
the most excited about of all of them
it's an exoskeleton now I'm really
excited to see this in action because
I've seen it in some other people's
YouTube videos I'm excited to see not
only the benefits that it gives, but
also how it actually will function on a
tennis court. Will it give me advantage?
Will it allow me to train for longer?
Let's find out. Let's do a little
unboxing, see what's inside, and give
this a go. So, as you can tell, I'm
pretty excited for this unboxing. I've
heard some really big things, so I was
excited to see if it lived up to the
hype. So, in the box, we got the USBC
charging cable, the user manual, which
is going to be very helpful since I have
no clue how to use this yet. We've got
the battery pack, and then obviously the
device itself. Oh, it's a lot lighter
than I actually thought it was going to
be. So, I'm going to read the
instruction manual to figure this out
now. But, let's get it on and and see
what it can do. I'm very excited. But
before I could use it, I had to charge
the batteries. So, I came back the next
day. Okay, so we're back the next day.
It took a little bit of time to charge
and uh now we're going to try it on.
Putting this on, I felt like I was
transforming into some sort of
terminator. But once it was on, it was
actually surprisingly comfortable and
moved pretty easily with my legs. And as
soon as I turned it on, I could feel the
effects. Oh my gosh, that feels so
weird. I've got way more power on my
step. This is so weird. Okay. So, we're
on hyper mode. 25%. I want to walk up
the stairs. See what it feels like.
Okay. Okay. So, just from walking, it
just propels you upwards. 100% hyper
mode.
Oh my god. Like my knee is just
literally being kicked up.
It's weird because I don't want to miss
step. And apparently they have a new
fitness mode which actually increases
resistance. So, it's going to make it
really hard to walk up the stairs.
Oh, that actually it's not pushing
against your leg. It's almost like
you're going through like water, right?
That's like maximum power. Like fully
trying. It's pretty powerful. It's a lot
more powerful than I thought. So, moving
around and playing tennis in this is
going to be fun. So, stick to the end of
the video to watch that. I also wanted
to say that over 50% of you that watched
last week's video haven't even
subscribed. So, if you enjoy these
videos and want to help support the
channel, then go down there, check if
you're subscribed. If you are, turn
notifications on. If you're not, click
subscribe. And now, let's carry on with
the video. So, I've come to the local
courts to test this out in action. We're
going to give this a go. I'm going to
put it straight into hyper mode 100%.
Because what's the fun in keeping at 50?
And I'm going to run and we're going to
see the difference. But first off, leg
drive check. Boom.
Very little effort. The knees are just
just there. I'm doing literally nothing.
And so, to fully compare the resistance
mode against the hyper mode, I decided
to set myself a challenge. That's
literally as far as I could go. run from
the back of the fence all the way to the
net as fast as I can and we're going to
measure the time that it takes. Stopping
is so hard. I thought I was going to run
through the net because there's so much
leg drive. There's not much leg pull
back. So to stop, you're good working
against us. I'm glad I could stop that.
I work really hard. We'll do a little
sideby-side comparison on the screen.
Clearly there's a pretty big difference
between the two. And no, I was not
holding back one bit. Right. So dad's
got it on now. Currently off. Let's
switch it to eco mode. 50%. Go on then.
You feel it?
Yeah. A bit.
Okay.
A tiny bit. Not a lot. 100% eco.
Oh, wow.
Now I've switched on to full mode.
This is crazy.
Now run.
For dad, that's quite fast. Initial
impressions.
Unbelievable.
It makes a big difference.
Where's the next mountain? I'm ready.
Right, guys. So, one of the main uses
for the Hypershell is running up hill
and hilly terrain. The first test I'm
going to be doing is running up this
massive hill behind me. I'm going to be
running it two times. One with the
hypershell and one without. I'm also
tracking my heart rate via Whoop. And so
basically what we're going to be testing
is how high my heart rate peaks at after
the run. Now the speed that I'm going
for. We're going to be like I'm late for
my tennis session, but I'm not full
sending it. You know, that's how fast
we're going to be aiming for and see how
effective it is and whether I'm going to
be using it to get to my tennis sessions
a bit earlier. So let's find out.
Lightning fast. Turn it on. We're in
business. Right. So now we've got these
on. We're going to measure the heart
rate on my phone again. I'm going to put
these in 100% hyper mode. So they're
going to give me loads and loads of
boost. We'll see how it goes.
W instantly so much more leg drive. It's
a joke.
I feel like I'm flying.
First thing, when you're tired, the
boost is crazy. Now, we're going to do
it without them on. See what the
difference is. Test number two without
the hyper shell on. Heart rate's
recording. Ready to go. And we're going
to blast up this hill.
Way more gas on this one. That was way
harder. perceived exertion way higher.
Legs felt so heavy at the end. Okay
guys, so we got the hyper shell on court
now. Let's go give it a go from the back
with some movement. So my initial first
impressions of playing tennis with a
hyper shell were that it makes a big
difference. It actually gives you 40%
more leg strength and 30% less physical
exertion.
I'm getting to the ball so quickly. I'm
going to ask him to move me side to
side.
So I ran side to side for a couple
drills to really see how big that
difference was. Now here I had it on
full 100% hyper mode to really get the
legs pumping. And basically, I just
asked my hitting partner to just feed me
side to side to really see what the
difference is. And let's just say I got
to some balls, which I definitely
wouldn't have got to before. One thing
it helped me out the most on was getting
to crazy drop shots. But I definitely
felt that this product would be amazing
for someone who's maybe just not as fast
on the court or slightly elderly perhaps
to actually help them to get to way more
balls, have longer rallies, and just
enjoy the sport more. I also gave it to
my hitting partner to try out as well,
just that isn't a fully biased review
from me. I'm going to put it straight on
to hyper mode for him. get his initial
reaction without telling him. So, let's
see what he thinks.
But he definitely felt that from the
baseline moving around the court was so
much easier with the hyper mode. But I
also put it on the resistance mode for
him to really see how he moves when he
really feels like he's moving through
water. And he nearly ran into the fence.
My legs are so heavy. I don't know if
I'm weak or if this thing is actually
pulling me.
I mean, it does give you like an extra
push when you run up, especially on a
drop. It's better for like running a
straight line. I was saying to the
camera like the good modes is like if
you were like running like or walking up
a hill it would be unbelievable just to
help you out. I think it's like the
resistance mode. Like bro, it makes my
legs feel so heavy. Okay, so now that
I've tested it off the court and on the
court, what are my final verdicts on the
Hypersh? Now I said when I was unboxing
this I had some pretty high
expectations, but I think they've been
surpassed. Honestly, I didn't expect a
product to be so impressive from the
perspective of what it actually does.
The features, the app interface that you
can quickly change the features on and
actually how it performs. So let's start
with the performance side of things.
First of all, some people might consider
this cheating, wearing a product on the
court, enhancing the experience. Well,
I'd say that it's more giving you a
boost that you know you decide to give
yourself. And we all know tennis is much
more fun when you play a higher level.
So, this could potentially help you get
there. The other thing I actually found
very convenient is how easy it is to
switch between eco mode, hyper mode,
transparent mode, which is just off, and
fitness mode, which actually adds the
resistance, which when we were playing
really acted, imagine like ankle
weights, but like times 10. can be
really good for sessions where you're
really trying to push yourself or test
your movement to then take it off and be
much faster on the court. That's at
least how I would use it. Now, the
product isn't about just getting them
there faster. It's about being able to
go longer when you don't have the energy
to sustain it to get to the top of the
mountain, enjoy the view, and I think
this is a product that really
encapsulates that and allows people to
do that in the best way. And so, if I
ever happened to hike up Table Mountain,
which I actually did, this would have
been a massive help. And finally, if you
want to grab the HyperShell for
yourself, test it out in action, then go
and click the link in the description to
go and check it out. If you want to
start optimizing your training on and
off the court, then this is for you. So,
go and check it out. I'll leave a link,
top link in the description. Thank you
guys for watching. Hope you enjoyed. And
I'll see you guys in the next one.