Baron Trump is in the news because he's
doing what all Trumps do, stealing money
from people who need it. He allegedly
stole millions of dollars from an inside
trade because his dad told him about the
tariffs before anyone else and all has
to do with crypto. He's also now part of
this Tik Tok deal I'm going to tell you
about. And we also now know that Donald
Trump is just telling his rich buddies
out in the open while on camera that,
hey, I'm working for you, not for anyone
else. Kai Trump accidentally exposed him
on our YouTube channel. And here's this.
[Music]
Thank you everybody.
Thank you. Your taxes are coming down.
See, everyone's happy. Honey,
that's awesome.
You've done a good job.
We'll run through the nine holes. Okay,
first off, that does not seem like a
very loving daddy or daddy grandfather,
does it? I mean, he doesn't really just
seem have much of a relationship with
her at all. Let's watch that one more
time. I think that's really telling.
You've done a good job.
Yeah, we'll run through the night holes.
Okay. And so, as Brett Meisa says here,
this tool actually posted a video of
Trump bragging to his rich buddies that
he's lowering their taxes cuz the only
persons the only people whose taxes are
going down are the very wealthy because,
as you know, tariffs are attacks on all
of us and that's higher than ever. By
the way, Kai Trump, who posted this on
our YouTube channel, 1.27 27 million
subscribers. I feel like we could beat
that. We're almost at a million. So, if
you're not subscribed, subscribe. Let's
try to beat Kai Trump. Let's get to a
million and then let's try to laper. And
tariffs apparently are a way for Donald
Trump's buddies and his family to make
money because he can announce something
that's going to crash the market and he
can tip people off ahead of time. That's
what happened. Donald Trump's also just
I mean I'm he's just I guess doesn't
really understand how laptops work
because watch this.
But is Baron's aptitude in your view
business or politics?
Maybe technology. He can look at a
computer. I try turning off his turn it
off. I turn off his laptop. I said, "Oh,
good. Now I go back five minutes later.
He's got his laptop." I said, "How'd you
do that?" "None of your business, Dad."
No. He's got an unbelievable aptitude in
technology.
Oh my god. Baron can turn his laptop on
and off. He's got an unbelievable
aptitude for technology. Incredible.
Well, that makes sense then. Now we know
why Baron Trump is tied to this Tik Tok
deal. Because he can turn a laptop on
and off, not because he's connected to
the president of the United States,
right? Of course not. We're learning now
that Baron Trump is going to be
potentially on the board, 19-year-old
son of the president on the board of Tik
Tok, the now US owned, potentially
US-owned company. Here's a little bit on
that. Baron Trump is being eyed for a
top role at the streaming app Tik Tok.
US President Sons could be appointed to
the board of the 14 billion company. It
was suggested after his father sealed a
deal to spin off Tik Tok's US business
from its Chinese parent. Baron's
potential role was pitched by Jake
Advent, Donald Trump's former social
media manager. And he goes on to say
here, quote, I'm hopeful President Trump
will consider appointing his son Baron
and maybe other young Americans to Tik
Tok's board to help ensure it remains an
app young people want to keep using.
Now, a little bit about this deal. Now,
if you're on TikTok, it is very
important that you're aware of what's
happening because Donald Trump's allies,
just like they're doing with all the
mainstream media companies like CBS,
CNN, Donald Trump's buddies, are now
tied to Tik Tok. And so if you're on
there, be aware that your algorithm very
well, very might well change and the
White House could start controlling what
you see. As it says here, Tik Tok is an
opportunity for President Donald Trump
to bestow great wealth and considerable
media power on a click of allies and
insiders. The details of this gift are
taking shape out of the public eye. By
the time the specifics become available,
it will likely be too late to change
them. It says here, "What has been
released should alarm anyone concerned
about this administration's drive to
consolidate wealth and media power in
the hands of a loyal few." So, here are
a little bit about who the buyers are.
Tik Tok's US business is not being
auctioned to the highest bidder. Trump
has casually thrown out the names of
people he might invite to make this
investment, such as media mogul Rupert
Murdoch and his son, Oracles Larry
Ellison, and Dell's Michael Dell. But
he's yet to make public the complete
roster of the purchasing group. The main
criterion for inclusion seems to be
filty to Trump. Makes it feel great
about using the app. Right now, it goes
on to say how the Trump administration
could control Tik Tok. Reports on the
murky Tik Tok deal suggest that
investors will also be expected to pay a
multi-billion dollar fee to the US
government. The latest in a series of
Trump administration deals that demand
payments from the private sector.
Depending on how this fee is extracted,
it could put yet more power into Trump's
hands. The administration might go easy
on investors by backloading fee payments
or squeeze them by accelerating payment
demands. However, their fee is
structured. Its burden threatens to
grant Trump yet more personal influence
over the future of Tik Tok in the US.
And by the way, the whole point of Tik
Tok being banned was because they were
afraid of China's control over media
that Americans consume. But according to
what's been made public, Tik Tok's
Chinese parent company will continue to
own 20% of the venture. And apparently
according to this curious detail about
the Trump deal is that it seems to make
no substantive changes to the way that
users data will be collected and stored.
So it doesn't change anything other than
the fact that Donald Trump and his
buddies have more control over it, but
China still has access to our data.
How's that? So he's actually just made
it worse. So again, if you're on TikTok,
just be aware that it very well could
start turning into right-wing
propaganda, not unlike what happened to
Twitter when Elon Musk bought it. So I
would not I'm not going to say get off
the app, but just be super aware of what
you're consuming and try to be aware of
any changes you see. Now, as I said,
Baron Trump So here's what happened. An
insider placed trades 30 minutes before
Trump's tariff announcement and walked
away with $192 million in profits.
People are alleging that this is Baron
Trump. That this is Baron Trump. Someone
said here when you find out they know it
is you who shorted to make $80 million a
minute before the ter tariff news. Now
it very well could be Baron Trump's has
a smaller net worth than the rest of his
family. Baron Trump's net worth is
estimated to be around $150 million. Not
so bad for 19, but that is also that is
much smaller than his siblings. Don
Jr.'s reported half a half a billion.
Eric is worth more than 70 million. all
mainly from crypto. And that is also how
much of Baron Trump's net worth is
estimated to be around $150 million
according to Forbes because of the World
Liberty Financial, a cryptocurrency
company that he founded alongside his
father and brother Donald Jr. and Eric
before the 2024 election. So
Baron Trump, who can open his laptop,
gives him the right to be on one of the
most powerful boards in the world. He's
likely getting inside information from
his father so he can make more money at
the expense of you and me. And he also
is just telling people, telling his rich
buddies, but he's saving them money
while we all have to pay more. How nice
is that? So nice. So, thanks for being
here. If you like this video, please hit
like on the video. So, if you're not
subscribed, please consider subscribing
and I'll see you soon. Bye.