This is an urgent warning to every
single investor out there. Today we're
going to be talking about the bubble,
the market bubble of 2025. We're going
to examine whether the current status of
the market actually similarly looks a
lot like the stuff we had in 2000, in
2020, in 2022, and other crashes. and
we're going to work out a plan, a
strategy to mitigate the risk to your
portfolio should indeed this be the
case, which is something that most
investors are not doing right now
because everybody's busy being in La La
Land thinking that this would never end.
Now, this was a part of a lecture we've
done in the academy, but I decided to
bring it out to the rest of the YouTube
viewers because I think it is important.
I don't want to keep this lecture behind
a pay wall because I think it's super
valuable that you know these things
right now. The markets may seem
completely irrational, completely
exuberant. For the past 3 years, look at
this stuff that we had in the stock
market. We got the Dow up almost 60% 3
years. This is insanity. The S&P is up
almost 90%. The NASDAQ is down 120% in
three years. Stocks like Palunteer, like
Nvidia have done thousands of percent in
just a couple of years. That is
insanity, right? Well, not really. If
you look historically, you look since
the 1950s,
seven out of the last 10 bull runs
actually lasted more than three years.
And again, the bull run on average was
about five years. We're not there yet.
In fact, look at this. The average bull
run gives us about 180% return.
Currently on the S&P we're at 87. So 87
out of 180, three out of five.
Historically speaking, even though it
feels absolutely insane right now, like
we're on the brink of a total crash.
Historically speaking, that is not the
case. At least statistically wise. You
look at the S&P 500, you see one simple
thing. It always goes up even where
there are little crashes. Now, back in
1996, a very famous guy by the name of
Alan Greenspin, a guy who used to have
John Powell's job, came out and said,
"The market is an absolute irrational
exuberance."
This was 3 years before the market
crash. So, he wasn't wrong, but he was
early. And ever since he said that, the
S&P went from 750 to 1,500 in three
years. So being right, but not on time
is meaningless. Even Alan Greenspin
couldn't time the market. That's an
important thing to say because Alen
Greenspin is no slouch. If he couldn't
do it, I promise you most of you can't
either. Now, if you look at the
statistics, of course, we're three out
of five, 87 versus 180. Historically,
this is not an unusual time. But what
about the macro? Can we get more
security, more certainty, more objective
data from the macro to kind of put us at
ease that we're not going to have a
bubble right now crash in our face. The
macro data is actually not that bad. GDP
growth is fine. We got solid job numbers
even though they're declining a little
bit, right? Inflation is okay at about
3%. We've got upcoming rate cuts from
the Fed, which is wonderful. And we have
the tightest credit spreads we had since
1998. And AI is actually making money.
So on the macroeconomic side of things,
well, we're not doing that bad. In fact,
it seems like there's no real sign of a
market that's about to pop. So we're
good. We're Gucci, right? Well, it
really depends. Okay. history in macro
certainly point to that but the
valuations
oy the valuations they tell a whole
different story currently the forward PE
on the S&P 500 is 24 now the average
historically for the you know 10 to 20
years cycles are about you know 18 to 20
depends on which year you check but
essentially we are quite significantly
above the average on the S&P 500 forward
PE E and if you look at this specific
chart, you'll see that this line that
represents 23 forward P on the S&P 500
was the cutoff date for when you could
stop making money. Basically, if you
jumped into the stock market, your
annual average return for the next 10
years if you went in above 23 forward PE
was zero or lower. In fact, if you get
into the market, historically, of
course, when the forward P is above 23,
the green line, you're almost guaranteed
not to make any money. So, this is
horrible. Currently, we're 24. So, it
means we need to get out. This is this
is absolutely horrible, right? Look, on
the other hand, of course, you have to
take into account some important
aspects.
For example, the fact that the S&P 500
never looked like this. We've never had
seven companies absolutely dominate the
S&P 500. Might as well call it S&P 7,
right? If you look at the equal weight
S&P 500, we're at 19, not at 24. Okay?
And we do have stronger growth
percentage right now on earnings than
we've ever had before, more revenue
growth than we ever had before, and
better margins that we ever had before.
Okay? So if earnings are better, we got
to take a look at the PEG ratio because
it will take into account not just the
PE but also the earnings growth. Right?
There is our answer. The PEG ratio very
very simple. You have the PE and then
you utilize the growth rate to find out
if you're overvalued, undervalued. One
means you're cheap. Two means you're
expensive and between one and two means
that you're a little bit of expensive
but nothing too crazy. Currently, the
pay ratio on the SP 500 is 1.35, which
means we are exactly in this spot that
is no help to us at all, we still are no
better off knowing, yes, we're a little
bit expensive, but absolutely not
exuberant. So, if we don't have an
answer from PE ratio, we don't have an
answer for macro, we don't have an
answer from valuations, okay? We have to
go to the experts, folks. we have to go
to the so-called talking heads on
mainstream media to tell us what's going
on with this market and they know best.
Okay, so let's defer to the experts,
shall we? Okay, so this is just a
partial example of one expert and then
the other expert and then the third
expert saying opposite things. For
example, here we have bubble can push
all the way to 9,000. Then head of JP
Morgan says we have a major risk of a
crash. Then more warnings of a crash.
Then you look at other experts saying
7,000 maybe even 7750 and then more
warnings of a crash. So we have multiple
experts saying opposite things about
what this market is. That's also no
help. So what we got to do here folks is
we got to prepare in a way that
eliminates all this garbage out. No
opinions, no gut feelings, no experts.
We have to have a scientific test, a
scientific approach. And that's what
I've done in the academy lesson that
we've done on this topic. This is kind
of a highlight of the main stuff we talk
about it there. But basically, we kind
of found that most crashes have shared
these eight elements. When these eight
things happen, well there you are almost
guaranteed to have a crash. One through
eight. If all of them happen in 2025,
you're guaranteed a crash, right? If
some of them happen, you get 50%. If
none of them, you're safe. Okay. So,
let's go through these tests. Eight
tests. Number one. Okay, we have
extremely high valuations. Number two,
we have a quick stock appreciation.
Number three, surges in IPOs, initial
public offerings. Number four, we have
an increase in credit supply. A lot of
money in the stock market, right? Number
five, euphoria. Number six, lack of
breath, a very concentrated rally. Only
a certain type of stocks enjoy, but not
the rest of the market. Number seven,
lowquality stocks pop out of the
stratosphere. And number eight, claims
in the mainstream media and social media
that the old parameters of valuations no
longer apply because this is the future,
bro. Okay, so let's go test by test and
see what we got. If we get all eight,
that's a 100% crash. If we get none,
it's a 0% crash. And if we get four out
of eight, well, that's pretty much a
toss up, a 50/50. Okay, you don't have
to have all these tests to determine,
but this is kind of a tool for us to
evaluate objectively where we are right
now. Okay, so let's start with
valuations. This is the first thing.
Okay. I think we all understand that
valuations are not cheap right now. As I
mentioned earlier, S&P forward PE is 24.
The historical averages are in the high
teens. We're definitely above that. We
are higher than 2020. We're higher than
2008. We're on par with 2022 and we're
lower than the dotcom crash. So, while
we're not int crash levels yet with a
33, we're above the other three crashes.
So, like 75%. And for me it's very very
simple to say that at least on the
valuation front of things. Well this is
a real risk which means it does trigger
a red flag which means one out of eight
red flags right now are triggered for
me. Let's move on to the second test.
Okay the second test is about quick
acceleration. Do we have a stock price
surge over a short period of time? Right
now the S&P is at 6500. The past six
months, we're up 22% which is about four
or five times higher than the average.
The average would have been right now
four to five percent. We're 22. And if
you look at the 50-day moving average,
we're above that for over 100
consecutive days, which is the highest
streak we had in 10 plus years. And if
you take a look at this, okay, both the
three and the six month basically tell
us that we're well above the normal.
And for me, this just means another red
flag. Okay, we're not going to sugarcoat
it. We're not going to put lipstick on a
pig. Yes, valuations are high and there
is certainly quick acceleration in the
share price. So, currently two out of
two, we have a test that basically says,
hey, this is not good. Now, do we have
surges in IPOs? Do we have more
companies going public initial public
offerings right now? Well, look, in the
Q3 of 2025, we had 64 IPOs, right? Which
means that we have right now the best
IPO market we had since 2021.
But then again, how do we compare to
2021 itself, which was clearly a bubish
market? And there in lies the important
details. Okay, we're still far far away
from the insanity of 2021 that caused
the crash of 2022. We have 400 new
listings by this point in 2021 in
October. Right now, we're at 263 in
2025. Okay. We had $142 billion
raised in 2021 at this point right now
we raised 32 billion at this point in
2025. So while you know if if you also
look at the first day average company
goes public lots of euphoria first day
performance 32%. First day performance
right now 17%. So what you have here is
about a 43% of the situation in 2021
which means warm but not boiling hot
which means there's no red flag here. I
don't think anybody can claim that we
have a massive surge in IPO activity
right now based on the data. So this
test does not apply. Two out of eight
still. Okay. We're going to number four.
Increase in credit supply. Okay. Do we
have banks willing to give more money to
the public? Do we have investors
accepting less yield for more risk? Do
we have massive flood of money into the
stock market? Okay, again, if you look
at the corporate bond issuance, it's up
6% year-over-year. We have a high yield
spread of 2.8, which is very tight, but
not exuberant. So, it is getting warmer,
but it's not exuberant. Loans are up,
all loans in the US are up 5%
year-over-year. Commercials are up
eight, which is a little bit on the high
side. But again, it's getting warmer.
The money is getting more plentiful, but
it's not euphoric yet. Banks are not
throwing money at people and companies.
Certainly not the case. It is getting
easier, but still not insane. And
investors are willing to accept smaller
yields as the tight credit spreads show.
But again, it's not out of this world.
So for me the verdict is conditions are
easier but not completely in the
euphoric mode. So two out of eight still
after four tests. Now we go to test
number five. Okay. Do we have euphoric
sentiment? Because it feels like it. If
you go on social media it certainly
feels like it. But do we actually have
it based on objective data? Is the shoe
shine boy example. Do we have the shoe
shine boy talking to you about their
portfolio on Wall Street and whatnot?
Okay. So right now the AAI retail survey
shows us at 46% bulls, 35.6%
bears. Now the average of bulls is 37.5
which means we're higher. But the
average on pre-crash cycles was about
60%. So right now we're not close. We're
better than average but not close to
crash. And if you look at the fear and
greed index, we're currently in the 30s.
nothing euphoric right now, at least on
the retail sentiment side of things.
Okay, that's why we're not in the 2000
era yet. And we have to still say no
here. So, we're still two out of eight
after five tests. Test number six, do we
have lack of breath? Essentially, do we
have a few stocks that are leading the
charge and everybody basically is being
left behind? Right now, if you look at
equal weight versus S&P 500, that would
be a really good way of finding out.
Okay, does the situation only apply to
the big boys? Well, let's see. Okay, do
we have fewer stocks participating?
Right, so 36% of stocks only are above
the 50-day moving average, which shows
that most stocks aren't. And while the
S&P has done 22% year to date, the equal
weight is only up 8%. Again, you can
clearly see the difference here. we have
fewer stocks leading the charge. So
right now concentration at the top is
very very high, it's obvious and while a
lot of stocks are running up and it
seems like everything is running up but
there's a lot of stocks that are not in
AI or robotics or tech or energy that
are being left behind. So in my opinion,
even though this is a yellow flash
because I'm conservative, we're going to
count it as a red flag. We're going to
give it three out of eight on the
conservative side. Now, if you look at
test number seven, do we have trash
blowing up like it's the next thing
since sliced bread? And certainly this
is the case, right? Stocks with weak
fundamentals blowing up. And if you look
at the recent Goldman Sachs survey of
unprofitable stocks, they're up 60%
since April. Same company, Goldman Sachs
with most shorted stocks up 60% since
April. So all this unprofitable, most
shorted stocks, they're up 60% in six
months. This is insane. Now, this is a
list of the top 15 performing stocks of
2025 so far. And this is the list that
we will analyze in the academy over at
patreon.com/dommnash.
I'm going to go name by name by name,
analyze all of this in our most upcoming
lecture on the academy. you can join
right now and get that lecture as well
as our top stocks list as well as access
to a community and a whole bunch of
other stuff that will make you a better
investor. But that's not the point here.
So, what we've done here is we analyze
these top 15 companies and we just
wanted to see how many of them are
solid, how many of them are weak but
improving, how many have mixed quality,
and how many of them are pure trash. Not
surprising that only three out of 15 had
strong fundamentals.
Only 20% of the entire list of the top
15 performing stocks of 2025 so far have
strong fundamentals. That is insanity.
Now, six out of them, which is 40% have
absolutely trash fundamentals. So, the
vast majority of these stocks we've seen
earlier, they're not that good on the
fundamental side. It's all about the
story. It's the future, bro. It's
nonsense. Okay? I'm not saying that
these companies are trash. I'm just
saying that the best performing stocks
of 2025 so far have either very weak
fundamentals or mixed only three out of
15 are what you would call classically
good companies from a fundamental
perspective. Okay, so trash is blowing
up no doubt low quality is going out of
out of the stratosphere and this test
certainly is blinking red. So we have
four out of eight. Let's move on to the
final test. Do we have a narrative where
no longer you should be looking at
valuations, P ratios and all that stuff?
That's old people's stuff right now.
It's all about the narrative, all about
the new paradigm shift and all that
stuff. Okay? Now, look, if you look at
AI, crypto right now, it's certainly
there. It is certainly there. The
conversation is all about compute. It's
all about AI. It is situations where
classic valuations have been thrown
under the bus. Nobody cares. Okay, now
here's the thing. Maybe they're right.
I'm not here to say that they're wrong
because look, even in 2000, the internet
revolution was real. The claim that it's
the future, bro, and it is a paradigm
shift was not wrong. But what you had is
because this happened in such a large
scale, a lot of fakers jumped into the
market and there were a lot of trash
mixed in with the great companies that
have changed the world since. So yes, I
think AI certainly has the same
potential as the internet, if not
better. But you will have a lot of
trash. It's not the point if AI is the
future. The point is, did we have a
narrative change where everybody's just
talking about the story? Nobody's
looking at the numbers. That is the only
test. And certainly this is the case
right now. Nobody cares about
fundamentals. It's all about the story.
This means we have certainly a red flag
on eight. we have a narrative break in
favor of AI and crypto. And even if the
narrative is correct, this means that
people have lost touch with
fundamentals, which means that it
certainly counts as a red flag and we
have an five out of eight here. And
unfortunately, the verdict here is that
we certainly have a elevated risk of a
market bubble in the stock market right
now. Five out of eight test point us to
a 62 and a half likelihood that we are
in a market being formed right now based
on this specific test. Now the
limitations of this test are clear. It's
just one test and you can run many
different ones. But also the other thing
is this was a very narrow race. It was
50/50 up until the last test. So it's a
borderline result but still there is
elevated likelihood which means there is
elevated risk which means that even
though we don't time the market and we
don't predict now we have to prep
because we do have to mitigate any risk
that we see as a possibility. Okay, this
means we're not going to be predicting.
This means we will be mitigating. This
means that we will be preparing our
portfolio regardless if we think that
this likely or not likely. So step one,
this something I talked about in the
academy. Number one, keep dollar cost
averaging at your normal pace. Number
two, keep increasing your pace when your
stock goes 20% below the 52- week high,
which is something we teach in the
academy. And number three, set two
triggers to trim. Number one, if you
have a position weight going above its
designated size, trim. If you have a
stock that has outran everything, no
real fundamental change, but the stock
price is flying, trim. Now, step number
two, only add top quality stocks to your
stable. Narrow down your focus right now
to only companies that fulfill these.
Only positive free cash flow for the
past 46 quarters. Only net cash
profitability for the past 46 quarters.
Only revenue growth for 10% or better
for the past 46 quarters. clear mode, a
CEO that's out of this world, a great
team, no major entanglements and legal
issues for the company. Once you go
through this stage, you go to step
number three, and that is where you
apply our scorecard. The scorecard has
125 points. It's based on cash versus
debt. If they have more cash than debt,
10 points. Revenue growth, 10 points.
Operating margin is below 10%, you don't
get any points. Above 10, but less than
25, you get five points. Above 25%, you
get 10 points. Then short interest below
5% 10 points. Next short interest is
bad. Okay. Now institutional holding
below 30% no points. 30 to 60 five
points. Above 60 10 points. Revenue
growth versus operating expenses 0 to
10. If you have revenue growing faster
than expenses you get a 10 here. Now
share price of the past 5 years versus
the S&P 500. If you have beaten the S&P
500 by 20% over the past 5 years, you
get a 10. Okay? You get a 10. And you
get a 10. You get a 10. Okay. Mo
existing or non-existent 10 points. CEO
quality 10 points. Recession proof five
point max. Secular trend AI crypto
whatever the case may be, right? Culture
and missiondriven companies only 10
points. Talent and quality basically how
good is the talent they're recruiting?
Is it the Tesla level or piloter level
recruitment or it's just you know
average people? If your top score is 125
the cutoff here for me is 100 plus. If
you get more than 100, you qualify to be
in the portfolio in this very dangerous
situation. If you're below 100, you're
not for me. Okay? Time in the market is
the best friend of a great business.
This would be a great business, 100
plus, and the worst enemy of an average
one, which means a score below 100. Step
number four, trim winners. If you have
big winners where you've made a lot of
money, trim, there's no shame in this.
It's not about being a fan of the
company. It's not about a religious
cult. If you have big winners, trim it.
Really looks stupid until it doesn't.
Until the market actually pulls the rug
under you. Number five, trim speculative
stocks. It's very important not to hold
unprofitable trash in times like this. I
know it's running up right now, but
these would be the first casualties. Not
a good time to hold on to speculative
trash. Number six, apply risk controls.
Have no margin ever. Number two, no
concentrated bets right now on anything.
Okay? No averaging down in a company
that's still burning cash like crazy.
And always have six months of money of
cash, hard cash, in case the market
pulls. And then you have to be liquid.
Number seven, remember the freaking
rules. You do not win in this game by
timing the market. Okay? There's no way
to time it top. Number two, very
important, you win by buying quality, by
dollar cost averaging. You win by having
a system. Five out of eight means we
have a red flag. It doesn't mean we
panic. It doesn't mean there's a
guaranteed bubble. It means we have
risked it. We have to mitigate and
address not just ignore. Process
beats prediction. It is very very
simple. Now we teach all of these stuff
that are essential to you being a better
investor over at the rock academy.
pion.com/dommnash.
This was a highlight executive summary
of a lecture we did last week. I invite
you to join. Here's a few testimonials.
You can pause the screen and read. This
guy paid off his mortgage. This guy had
a 73% year and he trimmed a little bit
because he knows this ain't going to
last forever. It's just examples of the
sort of thinking we have in the academy.
Would love to put you on this program as
well. patreon.com/nomash.
Would love to see you there. Thank you
and I'll see you in the next one. Peace.