So you guys might have heard about
Emirou getting assaulted at TwitchCon
yesterday. Absolutely disgusting freak
who did this and Twitch completely
incompetent failure of a corporation
that actually let this happen in many
ways. Like complete incompetence,
complete negligence. I wouldn't be
surprised if Enrew has a strong case
here if she really wanted to sue Twitch.
But I don't mean I don't think she'll do
that. But this this does seem like
negligence in my opinion. It's something
that never should have happened.
Especially because Emmy had talked about
how she had her like favorite security
guard that she wanted to be there and
Twitch apparently was like, "Yeah, no,
you can't have that dude." And instead,
they give her like one guy who I mean, I
don't know much about this guy. No
offense to this dude, but seems like he
didn't do a great job at all. I mean,
you know, this never should have
happened. This guy never should have got
that close. And he should have been
stopped way sooner. And then he wasn't
even apprehended. He got to like leave
the scene. I don't know at some point if
he was ever apprehended at all.
Apparently, they got this guy's
information because Twitch did put out a
statement saying that they like
permanently banned him from Twitch and
he's like never going to be allowed at
events and stuff like that again. So,
they must have known who the guy was. Uh
they got his ID or something eventually.
I don't know how that all played out,
but you know, people are demanding more.
They're saying like this guy should get
arrested. This guy should get charged
and all that. And I suppose that's
probably more up to Emir than Twitch,
but nevertheless, Twitch handled this so
poorly. And again, there were people
like streamers talking about how it
didn't feel safe at Twitch this year and
all that. Now, I'll tell you personally,
as someone who's extremely capable of
defending himself, I don't even feel
safe going to conventions. Like, I used
to go to Anime Expo and I would tell
people, "If you want to come up and say
hi, you could probably find me here. At
this point in time, I'll be cosplaying
this character." And the last time I
went to AX, I didn't tell anyone
anything about what I was doing because
again, I just didn't feel safe with how
many crazies are out there these days.
Here's my point. for Emmy who's so
high-profile and it's just a sweet girl
going to TwitchCon, having a full-on
meet and greet. All that much more,
she's at risk towards one of these
people, one of these freaks, like doing
something. And Twitch, as mentioned,
completely incompetent, did next to
nothing to actually protect her. They
should have done much more. They could
have done much more, and they didn't.
Sorry for kind of going off in the
intro. It's just, as mentioned, very
upsetting situation. But enough of me
ranting at the start here. Let me play
the clip so you can see this for
yourself. Quick um quick notice in
post-prouction. YouTube's actually been
removing people's videos for showing
this clip. WestJet had his video removed
and Decoy Voice had to censor his video.
So, I'm going to censor this. I'm sorry
guys. I don't know what the freak is
going on, but yeah, that's uh what we
got to do apparently. So, here's the
clip of this happening. Emir assaulted
at TwitchCon.
[Music]
Whoa. So, good on Emmy for being that
aware because it looks like as soon as
this guy starts walking over, she
instantly identifies this dude as some
sort of creeper. Like, she puts her hand
up, she takes a step back to try and get
distance. Unfortunately, her security
guard was nowhere near as aware because
that dude never should have been allowed
to cross the lines and get that close to
get up to her, let alone start feeling
her up like that. And then what happens?
He gets pushed away and then he just
gets to walk away. And what do we get
from Twitch? Here's their response from
this morning. They say, "The safety and
security of all those attending
TwitchCon is our highest priority. The
behavior displayed by the individual
involved in the incident yesterday
involving a high-profile streamer was
completely unacceptable and deeply
upsetting. In line with the existing
TwitchCon security protocols, law
enforcement and event security were on
site and responded to the incident. We
immediately blocked this individual from
returning to the TwitchCon premises and
they're banned indefinitely from Twitch.
both online and in person events. We are
coordinating with the impacted creators
team and per our standard protocols
continue to cooperate with any law
enforcement investigations. We have
increased security at the meet and greet
attendee check-in point and will have
additional security personnel
surrounding participating streamers. If
you've RSVPd for a meet and greet,
please note that we are unable to
accommodate plus ones for the remainder
of the event. Twitch has zero tolerance
for harassment or acts that inhibit the
safety and security of our community.
They then added, "It's really important
to us that our creators enjoy their
experience at TwitchCon and feel safe.
We regret that their experience was
disrupted by this horrible incident.
Just less than an hour ago, and we got a
response from Emiru here." She says,
"Hello everyone. I'm okay and thank you
all for the kind messages. Sorry I can't
respond to them all. Yesterday, the man
who assaulted me was allowed to cross
multiple barriers at TwitchCon and even
in front of another creator's meet and
greet to grab me and my face and try to
kiss me. Fortunately, he wasn't able to,
but a lot of people have pointed out it
could have been a lot worse. I'm
obviously shaken up by what happened,
and it's not the first time I've dealt
with something like this, but to tell
you honestly, I am a lot more hurt and
upset by how Twitch handled it during
and after the fact. Like I said, I don't
understand how he was allowed to make it
to me in the first place. The security
in the clip who reacts is my own
security. It's true. My favorite and
usual security guard was banned for
holding a stalker's arm to bring him to
the police at a past TwitchCon. So, this
goes back to what I said in the intro
about the security guard where I
mentioned that I don't want to judge him
too much. And I should have elaborated
on that more in the intro. My bad. But
the reason why is because, as we just
heard, it sounds like it may be more
Twitch's fault than the security guard's
fault in that Twitch seems to be
limiting what the security can even do.
And Emy's favorite security guard from
before was banned from protecting her
for being hired for this again because
oh, how dare you hold a stalker's arm
and bring it to the cops. You got to be
kidding me. Before we get back to the
statement, let's take a look at this
clip where Emiru talks about her
favorite security guard getting banned
from TwitchCon.
>> I don't think that's true. Okay, I maybe
I shouldn't talk about this whatever.
Who cares? I I've had a sec I had a
security guard two years ago where there
was a guy following me around TwitchCon
and he like asked him to stop multiple
times. My guard asked him and the guy
wouldn't stop. So he he grabbed the guy
but he didn't like hurt him. He was just
holding the guy until like the con
security came or came and then for some
reason they're like yeah because your
security guard touched him he's like
perma banned from the venue forever. But
he didn't even he didn't even hit him or
anything. He just like held him while
they waited for like the police to come.
It was like my favorite security guard.
I can't have him at TwitchCon anymore.
>> And then it gets even worse. Look at
this. She says back at the statement.
However, there were at least three or
four other TwitchCon security staff in
the area who did not react and let the
guy walk away. As you can see in the
clip, since they don't since they since
they don't even appear in the frame,
lol. The woman who was walking me away
is my own personal manager. And behind
the booth, the only two people who were
checking on me and comforting me were
her and my friend. None of the TwitchCon
staff came to ask what happened or if I
was okay. My friend who was present told
me Twitch security were also behind the
booth afterwards joking about how they
didn't even see what happened and
immediately laughing and moving on to
talking about something else. What the
dude h how is this how is this actually
reality?
So if no one was checking if I was okay
or if I needed anything and they let the
guy run away initially, I have no idea
what anyone hired to keep the event safe
was doing. They certainly weren't
keeping the event safe. If anything, it
sounds like they were actively doing
what they could to make the event less
safe and that they were laughing about
it. You know, earlier I mentioned that
Twitch seems highly incompetent and
Halen's razor would suggest that you
should not attribute to malice what you
can to incompetence or stupidity. But at
what point does it cross over? Because
finding out all this additional context,
it seems like some of these people at
Twitch were malicious. like they were
doing whatever they could to make this
as um dangerous as possible for the
streamers and they were just laughing
about it. That doesn't just seem
incompetent at that point. That does
seem malicious in my opinion. In
Twitch's statement, they said that the
guy was immediately caught and detained.
I'm sorry, but that's a blatant lie. He
was allowed to walk away from my meet
and greet and I didn't hear he was
caught until hours after he attacked me.
And it felt like this only happened
because of my manager pressing for it,
not because TwitchCon staff present
thought it was a big deal. She closes
with this. I have a lot more to say, but
I'll say it on stream later today
instead of writing a book on here. Thank
you guys again. Sorry you all had to see
that. This is definitely my last
TwitchCon, and it saddens me as a
10-year off-and-on attendee of
TwitchCon, and I think other creators
should seriously consider not attending
in the future. I do not feel cared for
or protected, even bringing my own
security and staff. I can't imagine how
creators without those options would
feel. Stay safe, y'all. Everything is
going to be okay. Yeah, I think she's
spot on to never go back to TwitchCon
and to recommend others to seriously
consider not attending either. These
people sound like absolute scumbags. And
we all know how bad Twitches ran. We've
seen their double standards. We've seen
how corrupt they are online. But seeing
this now and how they're not different
in real life when like physical health
is at stake, the safety of their
attendees and their streamers, everyone
there, and this is how they treat that
event. You would think that they would
at least be a bit more professional and
take the stuff more seriously when, you
know, real lives are at stake at an
in-person event, but it's the same
thing. They're just as bad online as
they are offline. If anything, it's even
worse because, as mentioned, this is
like another level of escalation, and
they're a complete letdown as as usual.
Let's take a look at a few more clips we
got here. This one titled Emmy was
warned, TwitchCon vibes are off. And
then also,
>> I haven't really felt this way, but I've
heard so many streamers basically be
like, "The vibes are off this year. I
don't want to go this year. I don't want
to stream there this year." So, I'm I'm
like, "Oh, well, I guess if everyone
else feels that way, this may be a a
good bandwagon to hop on perhaps."
>> And next, we've got this one. Keep in
mind the whole thing about how this
could have been worse, too, because
that's going to be a factor in this
clip. says, "The man that attacked Emiru
may have had a knife." The user saying,
"Look at the man's left waist. He seems
to have a case of some kind. A knife or
a Leatherman. He's also, excuse me, he
also has something in his hands, but
Twitch is saying it's possibly a pen or
a marker." I'm only bringing this up
because last year when I went to
TwitchCon, security let me through with
a leather man on my belt. I was going to
leave it in my car, but I forgot all
about it, and they waved me right in
with it on my hip. Most Leathermans have
knives in them, by the way. The top
comment goes on to say, "It was
confirmed to be a pen, but with
TwitchCon security, dude could have
walked in with a katana." Someone else
saying, "I mean, a pen to the face from
the guy that's twice your weight can
still do significant damage. This man
needs to be banned from every uh from
every event known to man." Then this guy
says, "Okay, but that logic, literally
anything that's even slightly hard and
pointy could be used as a weapon to make
the situation seem more sensational."
So, keep that in mind. We go to the clip
here that the OP posted, which is the
assault clip in slow motion.
And like for that Redditor who's trying
to say that like maybe people are can
sensationalize this or whatever, it's
really not sensationalizing it at all.
You can you can kill someone with a pen.
Not even on John Wick type stuff, you
know, like memes aside, I've heard
prison stories of dudes taking plastic
forks and melting them together if they
can or like tying them together and then
sharpening them on the ground and
actually killing people with literally
plastic forks. So you best bet, yeah,
you could do the same thing with a pen.
You don't need to be John Wick. If you
aim it right with enough force, it can
happen. And at the very least, if it
doesn't like take the life of that
person, it could disfigure them, do all
manner of terrible things. So no, it's
not sensationalizing it at all. It's a
very real concern. Now, obviously, this
doesn't mean that conventions should
start banning people from bringing pens
or everyday simple objects like that,
right? What this does mean though is
that security should be tighter and that
the event running or the people running
the event, the organization, the company
running the event should be taking
security more seriously, not banning
good security guards from being hired,
not limiting the capabilities of their
security guards to ridiculous levels,
not laughing about these things
happening, not letting these people just
walk off. Right? Simple, simple concept.
I think that's the main stuff, guys. So,
I'm going to cut the video here.
Anything I could say in the outro now is
nothing I haven't already said already
throughout the video. So, I think you
guys all know my opinion on this, where
I stand on this. I'll leave it there.
Let me know what you think about this
all in the comments. Thank you for
tuning in and please be safe out there,
guys. I'll see you in the next one.