at a fundamental level in terms of all
the underlying metrics and variables uh
that actually really do make a
difference. The crypto market is in fact
heating up. Uh there's some volatility
uh over the course of that heating
process, but that is the trajectory and
three midcap projects in particular are
catching our attention. One is building
agentic AI economies. Another is
reshaping identity big issue with
billions in DeFi liquidity. And the
third one is just crushing it in storage
right now. Each one of these has fresh
updates, strong growth, and near-term
catalysts that are going to make a
difference. And so, in this video, we're
breaking down these three spectacular
altcoin projects.
[Music]
Welcome to the channel. My name is
Maddie and this is Altcoin Buzz. All the
best of luck if you choose to invest. I
genuinely do wish you well. But I'm not
a financial or investment adviser, nor
is this video official financial or
investment advice.
Warris is a data layer for web 3 and
what that means is it deals with data
storage, data availability and then with
seal coming you can now give access
control as well. Seal is absolutely the
missing piece in this big step change in
in bringing the kind of web 2 world into
the web 3 world or just expanding the
web 3 world.
>> Seal is a decentralized key management
system. It allows you to to get keys to
encrypt data and then store that data
either on walrus the decentralized
storage system or on suite or wherever
else and then define smart contracts
that basically determine who's allowed
to decrypt that data. Walrus is like
Apple photographs and seal offers the
password protection that you have to
access those photographs.
>> Seal really comes to complement Walrus
and automate that process of encrypting
data, uploading it to Walrus and then
only giving access to that data to the
people who are authorized to get that
data.
>> It's what you would expect in the
traditional world, the web 2 world. And
now we're just making it possible in the
web 3 world. Our
first midcap for today is Walrus. It is
the decentralized data storage protocol
on SUI SUI. Uh and as you just heard
actually with Seal, they've added access
control. And what this means uh is that
it's a lot easier to give but also to
revoke and to control access to the data
that Walrus is storing for you on your
behalf. If you think about the
implications of this uh whether it's for
things like medical records or other
sensitive information you can restrict
access. So for example uh let your
specialist have access to your medical
records uh for instance but access is
only for 72 hours to help with a
particular diagnosis or surgical
consultation whatever the issue may be
and then after that access reverts back
only to you. So it's much more
selective. It's much more programmable.
And even bigger implications exist for
AI and the management of data sets
because you can train the model however
you want, but you can limit who else has
access to your data set or uh if your
data is part of the data set, you can
restrict who sees it in its entirety.
And with Seals encryption on Walrus, we
get what the Walrus team calls
programmable privacy. Now, that is a
huge step forward, especially since we
expect Walrus to become a pretty big
player in decentralized AI and the
storage and use of AI models. The Walrus
ecosystem is also growing rapidly. Talis
uses Walrus to process data onchain
quickly so that they can deploy AI
agents faster. And then of course, RWA
protocol Plume uses Walrus to ensure
they can verify asset data. Open
gradient is here and on bit tensor
subnet as well. It uses Walrus to access
and train AI models. And there's lots
more. We have 178 projects that are
listed on the ecosystem project
directory. And it's not just AI. There
are gaming and entertainment apps here
and even infrastructure like CrossMint.
That's for adding APIs to wallets and AI
agent-based commerce. And then finally,
we have none other than Google uh who is
partnering with actually both sui and
walrus on aentic payments. This is what
we've been uh waiting for here at
Altcoin Buzz. Full AI automations that
include digital payments to an AI agent
with cryptocurrency and SU is part of
Google's AP2 protocol that's uh making
this all happen. So Walrus very much
wants to be the web 3 Amazon web
services AWS and they're off to a good
start. It looks like they are well on
their way at a price as I record right
now of 36.5 cents. Walrus has a market
cap of $530 million. That is squarely in
the midcap range, kind of right between
100 million and a billion dollars. Uh
its launch was in March. Circulating
supply is 1.44 billion out of a total
and maximum supply of 5 billion. Now,
this is a number that's lower than we'd
like to see as far as a ratio and as a
percentage, but we have to also remember
that the TGE, the token generation
event, was recent. Uh and we do expect
this number to improve that percentage.
All-time high for context was 73 cents
in May and we expect Walrus to challenge
and surpass that during the rest of this
cycle. Quick shout out to Serge here.
This is our risk-free prediction game
that's available on Telegram. And in
this game, you just swipe left or right.
You can kind of think hamster combat or
even Tinder. You're swiping to guess
whether a crypto asset pumps or dumps.
And in the process, you earn rewards and
actually hopefully you can pick up some
market skills as well. While you're at
it in the form of technical analysis,
they've also kicked off a weekly
giveaway. It's a contest that is super
simple. Every week there's a coin of the
week. This time it is BNB. All you have
to do is swipe to find it on the Surge
app. Once you see BNB, screenshot it,
and then drop it under their tweet. One
random reply wins $50 in USDT. It is
super easy. You may as well be the one
that wins. But of course, to win, you
have to at least participate. So check
out Surge, have some fun swiping, maybe
snag some prizes along the way. Check
out Serge, check out the links, as well
as the competition details and the
Twitter information, X information in
the description below. At number two
here, we are looking at Virtual's
protocol and the Virtual, that's V I R T
U A L token. This is a midcap AIdriven
protocol. Uh we're trading right now at
uh down on the day at $1.3 with a $680.3
million market cap as I record. Just
want to make sure that we're getting a
snapshot of the price. So this puts them
uh as you can see by ranking at number
151 across all crypto assets as measured
by market cap. The supply here is capped
at 100 million tokens. And about two
weeks ago, on September 12th, 2025,
Virtual's co-founder shared a pretty
ambitious goal to reach $100 million in
agent-based revenue by year end in 2025.
Many fans got excited by the
announcement, of course, and Misari and
Meme Insider both reported on this
update. Uh, now the team highlights AI
agents as an entirely new layer in DeFi
economies and economics. Another
highlight this week came from ecosystem
partnerships. So, Backroom, a partner
project, announced deeper integration
with virtuals. Onchain tools now can
access better and more AI agents. Uh, so
partnerships like these obviously help
to keep the momentum growing again
despite the negative price action as of
this recording uh on this day. But we're
seeing more activity on X and more
positive underlying indicators that
relate to DeFi. As a result, ecosystem
data is also more evidence of growth.
Virtuals reports growing revenue streams
on DeFi Lama which include annualized
fees crossing $9.2 million. TVL which is
total value locked remains small but uh
it is rising which signals early stage
adoption. A Gentic activity keeps
growing uh and so these metrics do show
positive week-over-week growth. Looking
ahead, Virtuals aims to expand its AI
economic layer by Q4, so the end of this
year. And we have some short-term
catalysts that include roadmap
milestones and agent partnerships as
well. Altcoins really in general across
the board are down today, but at a$15,
it's a good entry point for virtual in
my humble opinion. Last but not least
here, and we're being opportunistic and
we're trying to take advantage of this
dip. Morpho. This project is one of
DeFi's most efficient lending layers.
It's Morpho token. That's M O R P Ho.
Trades as I record at $166. that is down
7% on the day with a $551 million market
cap ranked around number 173 uh right
now. It is drawing attention from large
holders though and part of that is we
see supply inflows from staking have
fueled steady growth in liquidity. Then
uh there is this key recent development.
Altcoin buzz listed Morpho among
projects facing major unlocks this week.
Uh in fact the unlock is going to be
pretty significant. $513 million in
circulating value in Morpho. But despite
this, Morpho's core TVL is remaining
pretty resilient. Investors, I guess,
view unlocks as opportunities rather
than pure risk. In fact, Dune Analytics
highlighted Morpho's rise on the 8th of
September. They showed over 220,000
active wallets in 2025. And the
dashboard also cites growth in weekly
loan volumes. These are stats that show
more adoption, at least more so than uh
hype. So there's some solid fundamentals
behind it here which collectively cement
Morpho as a pretty serious DeFi
contender. Ecosystem growth for example
is very clear. Uh this is as per DeFi
llama. Morpho as of right now shows a
$7.135
billion TVL. That is very very
significant. Uh that's up very
significantly month overmonth as well.
Uh and its integrations with a compound
are driving sustainable yields.
governance plans include expanding to
more chains, which is good news. And we
know that more chains is going to lead
to more adoption potential. Uh that's uh
at least the high high likelihood. So
there you have it. Three solid altcoins
that if they aren't already really ought
to be on your radar. And if you're in
the market, guys, for really the only
exchange that you need to be using in
2025, take a look at BitGet and this
recent video that we produced analyzing,
reviewing BitGet. There's some great
incentives there that you can avail
yourself of as well. Check out the links
in the description below.