I will give you the most effective
foreplay technique for women that always
works with any woman. So, if you're
struggling to get her turned on and sex
just isn't happening, this will give you
a way to arouse her reliably, fast, and
powerful. It will also give her bigger
pleasure in the genitals later and
facilitate her orgasms. And as a bonus,
you will stop hating foreplay as a
boring chore. You will enjoy it more and
it will turn you on as well. So, I have
worked with thousands of women over my
almost 25 years now of consultancy as a
sex coach and a sex therapist. And I
have not seen a woman for whom this
didn't work if you do it well. But
first, let me explain why you should
stop doing your current foreplay. Men
typically do one of the following four
things. And here's why they are not good
for play. One, the typical one, going
down on her, giving her oral. Oral is
not foreplay. Oral sex is called oral
sex, not oral foreplay. Anything in the
genitals for women is already sex
because she already needs to be aroused
to feel good in the genitals. So, you
need foreplay before oral sex. A lot of
women otherwise feel stressed or they
just don't feel as much as they could.
You can still do oral. It's a wonderful
experience for her just not as the main
foreplay. At best, it is good for late
stage of the arousal. Uh almost like a
bridge to fingers or penetration. Number
two, sensual touching of the body. Nice
but too mild. Singular touches will not
give her the powerful arousal she really
needs. Also, uh most men's sexual touch
is actually quite weak. It's some
wishy-washy brushing or hard grabbing
that, you know, does very little for
her. Massage, the eternal argument.
Massage is a relaxation technique. It is
not an arousal technique. It's exactly
the opposite. Yes, it will help her
arousal. Why? Because it helps her to
relax because she's not stressed that
you're going to go straight for
penetration. But it's weak as the actual
arousal technique and it's just too long
and unnatural for real sex. Mental
stimulation with, you know, talk and
fantasies, all the rage. Everybody feels
they've cracked the female code. It
sucks. It's inconsistent. You always
have to keep finding new engaging
things. Half the time she's already in
her head, and you're only driving her
more into her head. The connection from
mental arousal to the body can often be
poor. She's still surprised. She's not
feeling so much pleasure even though
she's turned on. So, here is the best
way to arouse a woman through her body,
which are called bodyto body flow. You
get close to her with your whole body.
This can be done in any position. I will
explain them later. Your whole body is
in contact really in each other. Your
chest, your stomach, your whole arms,
your hands are always on her. Your face
and mouth are always on her. And you
move over her body, flowing over her
body, enjoying her shapes, her curves,
her skin, all her sexy places that you
love. You are holding her, but it is a
moving, flowing hold. Your hands are
always on her, giving great sexual
touch. Your face is always caressing her
and kissing her. You're not mechanical.
You really enjoy all her places, drown
in them, savor them. Feel how her body
turns you on. And this always works the
best, the fastest and or more reliable
to arouse a woman with some personal
calibrations that I will explain in a
minute. Now, let me explain to you what
is actually happening here in this
foreplay technique for you to understand
why it is the most powerful way. One,
there is massive contact like a one huge
hand all over her body. So, massive
amount of sensations all over her body
flowing into her at the same time. Touch
with hands gives you only 2% of that at
a time. When you flow over her curves
enjoying her body, she feels sexy. She
feels desired. That's a massive turn on.
Three, because of super close contact of
your bodies, uh there is a lot of
intimacy, closeness, and her body feels
loved at the same time as a lot of super
sexy sensations. The magical cocktail.
Number four, she feels really handled in
your masculinity the way she wants to.
That's super arousing. Five, you are
awakening her actual body directly by
loving it. It's not a mental trick. And
that real aliveness of her body will
then facilitate genital sensation and
orgasmicity. Six, she feels you are
enjoying her body and you're not just
doing, you know, a job, a chore or
foreplay. This is massive because she
doesn't want to be work for you. She
wants to feel you in it with her. This
actually facilitates a lot of arousal.
So there's no other way to arouse a
woman that has all these powerful
components at the same time in one
combination. Now you may say, is that it
just flow over her body? In a way, yeah,
but let's be aware of the mastery
underneath simplicity. Of course not. In
reality, this technique is composed of
many sexual techniques for foreplay for
women. You're just bundling them all
together for maximum effect. So, you
need a really good effective sexual
touch with hands. You need very good
erotic kissing on her body and not just
some annoying pecs. You need good
knowledge of her breasts and nipples uh
with your hands and mouth because they
will be involved all the time in that
flow. You need a good knowledge of all
the erogynous zones on her curves and to
know how to move through them for best
sensation for her. So even your whole
body contact, how you hold, how you move
in that flow is a sexual technique that
needs the right contact, the right pace,
the right strength, good intelligent
movement that doesn't feel too weird or
clunky for her. So you're actually using
all of the premium sexual techniques
here for arousal. The difference is
you're not using them one by one because
that makes them weak, but all of them at
the same time in one big power cocktail,
which makes more than just a massive
amount of sensation for her, but also
generates massive feelings for her of
being held and desired and loved and
enjoyed and, you know, taken by you,
which also makes it very natural and
intuitive for you just to adore her body
with everything you've got. Now, as
you're getting the hang of it, uh, and
you're awakening your woman, it might
take a bit longer at first, but once
you're good at it and the woman opens,
I've seen so often that it can take a
few minutes. I've even worked with a lot
of women who never enjoyed sex very
much, and this opened the whole sex for
them and got them aroused beautifully.
I've worked with a lot of women who
found it very difficult to get aroused.
It takes a long time of very intricate
foreplay. First, you have to do this,
then this, and this. Uh, and they were
able to shorten it, you know, to a few
minutes essentially. let alone a woman
who is already enjoying sex and how much
you can maximize this for her. Now, I
won't [ __ ] you. There's no foreplay
technique that works if it's the wrong
time for her for sex. She's shut down,
blocked by external problems. You guys
have conflict. But in normal
circumstances, you will not find
anything more powerful or reliable. You
will just need to calibrate it to the
woman. Some women need it stronger,
faster, more passionate, maybe even
grabby. Some need a more gentle,
progressive buildup that's really deeply
loving. And many need both versions, you
know, just on different days. The
technique at the core is always the
same. You're just adjusting the
settings. And there's one more crucial
thing that you need to do with this
technique otherwise it will stop working
after a short time which I will cover in
the uh last part of the video. So this
way to do foreplay, you can totally give
it a go yourself today DIY. But if you
learn properly to do it well, you will
gain a solid, reliable way to arouse
your woman on any day. And that will
define her whole quality of sex, her
orgasmicity, and how often she will want
sex. So I encourage you to learn this
properly in my course for men, perfect
lover, where I teach you in detailed
video tutorials, all these different
variations in different positions, how
to move well, where exactly, plus all
the skills involved in this technique.
great sexual touch, erotic kissing on
her body, her breasts, nipples,
movement, how to transmit the right
feeling, etc. All in video tutorials.
And that's just a small part of what you
will learn. The course covers everything
you need for sex. For women watching
this, if you're wondering, this is all
covered in the holistic sex course,
which is both for men and women. So, you
can either learn it with your partner or
you can just learn it on your own for
yourself to know what to ask for from
your partner. So, there is one more
thing with this technique that you must
crucially ensure. And don't come to me
saying that it didn't work because you
didn't do this. Women hate when you work
out one way to get her aroused and then
you do it to death for the rest of your
life. It's like listening to your
favorite song forever. It will just stop
working. Variety is essential for
arousal. And that's the beauty of it.
This technique is super flexible and
gives you a lot of variation. First, you
can do it in different positions. You
can be on top of her from the front. You
will have to support yourself in your
movement. You can't just lie on her.
Same thing from behind. When she's lying
down, you're on top of her. Super sexy.
Again, you have to support yourself
comfortably. No stress. On your sides,
holding each other in bed. It can be
done standing very beautifully. You
know, great for spontaneous sex, but
also great for undressing a woman sexy
and arousing her at the same time. Can
be done spooning. And all these
variations, they give a different
experience. And they all have
subvariations within those variations.
specific things you would do, you know,
from the front, from behind or spooning
or whatever. You can use one position
for one day or you can use uh several
positions in the same sex act and you
can put them in whatever order you want.
Although there are some specific orders
that just work, you know, better for a
woman. And then secondly, you can have
variation in intensity. You can do it at
a slower pace for a woman to engage
deeper for deeper intimacy. You can do
it with a lot of strength and passion if
she's in a different place. Yes, it is
not going to work if you do it badly.
Like everything else, your touch can be
bad. Your kissing on the body can annoy
her. Your movement can be awkward, not
sexy. You might go to weird places, not
the actually most sexy places for her.
You know, it's not just whatever. You
can feel mechanical, not confident or
anxious. Or you can be too heavy on her
or too smothering or too careful, but
done well. This is a powerful technique
that always works. So, the next thing
after the foreplay that you will surely
want to do is to go down on her, right?
Watch this next video to be amazing at