This is an emergency update because
we've just had the largest the largest
crypto liquidation event in history. Not
by a little bit, but by a lot of it.
This is one of the most historic events
that we have seen and that we will ever
see. And what is actually particularly
interesting about this is this to me
feels in many ways like the revenge of
the centralized exchanges. If you guys
don't know, the centralized exchanges
like Binance in specific are where most
of what happened yesterday took place.
And so, we're going to go through what
we know about yesterday. Again, we don't
have like an encyclopedic description of
what happened yesterday. We don't have a
clear evidence-based approach of exactly
what happened, but clearly there was a
major malfunction with the APIs and the
centralized exchanges that led to prices
crashing specifically in the altcoins in
a historic way where you can only
compare it to the COVID collapse really
the COVID collapse maybe uh some other
event in you know 2021 the sort of
midcycle correction but the truth is
that this was fully historic and that
means that we are in a position where we
need to see that there are two roads
here. The first road is that this is the
beginning of the most explosive part of
the alt season. Though that probably
won't come quickly because what I'm
about to show you is that several major
major players, major traders got wiped,
got completely wiped off the board. So
things will take a little bit of time
here. But when people say, "Oh my gosh,
I wish I could have gone back and bought
in the COVID crash." This is potentially
the very same moment that we find
ourselves in. Okay, so that is one side
of the glass. That is one side of the
coin. The other side of the coin is that
this is it. That was the end of the
cycle. And the video I made last saying,
"Hey, it's October 6th. Maybe this is
the top of the cycle." Well, that very
well might have been the top because
that was the high. Now, we need to
acknowledge that possibility.
Realistically, my percentage likelihood
that that's the possibility is under
25%. I'm not positioning my portfolio
defensively saying, "Oh, let me get out
of stuff." No, that's not what I'm going
to do. I do believe that even if that
was the top that we'll see a rally back
up uh and a lower high, at which time
that would be the time to take some risk
off, but not right now. So, let me go
through this uh because what we're
seeing right now is that the top 10
biggest losses over the last 24 hours on
Hyperlid, look at some of these P&Ls.
You can see 24-hour P&Ls of -60 60 60
million - 59.79 million - 35 million -
21 million. These are massive massive
wipes. Obviously people who were allin
on leverage which of course is the
antithesis the antithesis of what this
channel stands for. We buy spot and we
chill and we wait. Yes, do trade a
little bit of leverage with a very small
targeted part of the portfolio just in
specific positions. And if you follow
people like Crown and follow people,
especially like Brendan Hong, they
always preach not using what's called
cross margin. So cross margin allows for
one position, one leverage position to
essentially wipe out your entire
portfolio if it keeps going down.
Isolated is the type of leverage that
most people should use if you follow
good traders. That way the position if
it hits a certain point, it will be
liquidated, but your whole margin, your
whole portfolio will not be. So cross
margin is the thing you want to avoid at
all costs. And this was great proof of
that. But more to the point, instead of
getting into like lectures as to what
people should have done, there was no
way to predict this. This was insanity.
Insanity. Okay, yesterday in crypto was
a 10 sigma event. Here is what Chat GPT
equates a 10 sigma event to. Okay, that
is the equivalent of winning the
Powerball lottery 10 times, not in your
life, but in a row. Okay, 10 times in a
row. Flipping 300 heads in a row. Okay.
On a fair coin, having every traffic
light turn green exactly as you approach
every day for the rest of your life.
Having every email in your inbox be a
legitimate opportunity from a Nigerian
prince that actually wants to pay you.
Okay, these are the examples of a 10
sigma event. Essentially, impossible
times a million. That's what happened.
So, what really happened is there was a
complete failure of the infrastructure
especially around centralized exchanges.
So if you see sort of like behind the
tea leaves here, the decentralized
exchanges worked way better than the
centralized exchanges. And the damage
and the prices seen for those altcoins
were way less severe because I'm going
to show you right now some of these
altcoins like DYDX. Okay, this one went
down over 90% in one candle. That is
historic. Beyond historic. I have never
seen that except for the Luna collapse.
I have never seen anything like that.
Oh, the Luna collapse is a good
correlary for this. These are historic
sort of moments that you look back on,
you analyze, and there's two ways that
they work out. Either this completely
destroys the bull momentum, which again,
I think that's less than a 25%
likelihood, or we've just seen the wash
out that resets the clock and begins the
parabolic rise, which is what we've seen
several times in the past. Now, Don Alt
here, Duck as we call him, said this is
how alt seasons used to start. nuke huge
full retrace of the nuke then full
senden bit much to bet on alt season
right now but if we get full retraces
especially on BTC pairs I'd get excited
he also says this is either the start of
the bare market or the start of the
parabola towards new highs it'd be easy
to say which in hindsight again
hindsight is going to be great it's
going to be easy to look back on this
and go gh this was so obviously the
start of the bear this was so obviously
the start of the parabolic bull that is
not something we can say right now it
we're at the bottom we're at the bottom
of the canyon we can barely see the
light so the question is, are we about
to be blessed here? Is this the
beginning of the COVID recovery where
we're about to see looser monetary
conditions? We're about to see this huge
leverage wipe into an amazing rally.
That has happened a lot in crypto
history. But it's also worth noting that
usually all-time high breakouts like
we've seen on Bitcoin, usually these
all-time high breakouts lead to massive
upside. But what we've seen on Bitcoin,
uh this is actually a Bitcoin dominance
rather. What we've seen on Bitcoin here,
if you look at the weekly, is we've seen
a ton we've seen a ton of these just
fake outs. Like look at these fake out
wicks. It's just been Look at the amount
of fake out wicks here. We need to see
this go into a better time, right? We
we've been seeing these Bitcoin weekly
breakouts just lead to complete
reversals. Like this is horrible. This
is horrible. That's not how Bitcoin
breakouts typically go. Usually once
Bitcoin breaks out, euphoria, price
discovery, explosive upside. So this
cycle has just been very different. It's
been very very difficult because these
traditional bullish events have just not
repeated in the same way. So is this
going to be a COVID correlary or is this
a Luna corollary where it's the
beginning of a bearish period? We will
find out. However, I want to be very
clear that what we saw here, in my
opinion, was a malicious and what I
think will come to be known as probably
somewhat architected uh sort of
unraveling of the way that altcoins
trade on centralized exchanges, which
makes me extremely bullish on
decentralized exchanges, which I have
been for a while. But this stuff did not
happen on dexes. You cannot affect it
the same way on dexes, which is why this
is proof, this event is proof yet again
that the future is open finance. The
future isn't these closed singular
organizations that can control so much
of the way crypto works. Okay, this is
very bullish for Dexes. As altcoin
psycho here says, co and FTX reasonably
shook the markets, but this was so
exaggerated that it's clear one of
crypto's main players got fully cleaned
out today and triggered that bigger
cascade. By far the weirdest crash I've
seen in crypto, expecting some big news
very soon. I agree. Where's the big
news? We need to see what happened here.
Obviously, a lot of people are blaming
Trump for this. Uh Johnny here posts, uh
man fs 8 billion people at once. And
this was because Trump apparently said
something about terrorists. As you can
see, I'm not in my normal studio. I'm
out of town. Left town for one day and
this happens. Realistically, this is not
what happened. Trump did not ruin the
market by saying this one thing about
retaliatory tariffs on China. He did
come out and said he's coming to put
tariffs back on China. We know how the
tariff stuff resolves. It's a tactic.
It's a negotiation. Then it resolves
with him saying, "Okay, cool. Onwards
and upwards to the upside." Arthur Hayes
says, "Word on the street is that the
big centralized exchange autoquidation
of collateral tied to cross margin
positions is why a lot of alts got
smoked." So essentially, there's these
types of margin, if you don't trade
leverage, that allow for you to tie any
position to the entire worth of your
account. That's called cross margin.
That means that your risk on that
position is your entire account. Whereas
a lot of people when they trade will
take a position with just a specific
amount of money and cap it there. Say,
"Hey, whatever's lost in this position,
if it goes down under a certain amount,
well, I can lose that amount, but not my
whole account." And so cross margin
positions essentially allow for the
exchange to liquidate your entire
account if you leave them open without a
stop-loss. Now, a lot of these stop
losses were not triggered as well. So,
you had multiple issues compounding
here, right? This is not to blame any
individual. Nobody did, in my opinion,
anything wrong unless you put your whole
portfolio on margin. That's crazy. Uh,
but I don't think that was very common.
That was only like the highest highest
tier of Djens that were doing that.
Anyway, I could go in and show you tons
of charts. They all look insane. But
what's clear to me is that this is
either the biggest buying opportunity
that we will see this cycle or this is
the beginning of a painful, painful
unwinding of sort of the cycle narrative
in general. So, we will see one of two
major things happen from this. And I'm
betting that we will see some serious
upside in the future. That's where I'm
betting. But it's important that you
realize that, you know, I'm not
Nostradamus. I didn't see this coming.
But this was a $19 billion liquidation.
So the COVID crash was $1.2 billion. FTX
was $1.6 billion and today was $19
billion. Over 10 times the size of CO.
Over 10 times the size of FTX. It's just
unfathomably large. Which means that
something broke in the ecosystem. I
mean, Avalanche went from like $30
something dollars down to like $6 or $8.
Unthinkable. Billions and billions in
market cap wiped off of single majors.
Unbelievable. Unbelievable. Okay. Now,
some will claim, "Oh, we told you just
stick with Bitcoin. We told you altcoins
were scammy." We know the game. Altcoins
are very risky. But this was different.
This wasn't just altcoin investing,
right? This was a collapse in the way
that the behindthe-scenes stuff, the way
that the watch works for altcoin trading
in crypto. something broke. Okay. And
we'll find out exactly what how it
happened and that will be revealed over
time. So, moving on here. The difference
between the dumps on Binance and other
tier one exchanges like Coinbase is day
and night. Literally, every alt on
Binance got brutalized much worse than
anywhere else. So, I didn't dig into
this, but apparently what happened on
Binance was where most of this violence
occurred. Now, this is going to trigger
a lot of questions and we will find
answers because as I if you weren't here
for the CZ era, pre him getting
investigated, pre the FTX stuff, CZ is
very, very aggressive with controlling
the narrative. He's always out there
talking um answering questions in the
heat of the flame. So, I'm expecting for
as these questions start to surface
about CZ, about Binance, that he is
going to be on it and at least playing
some kind of mouthpiece for Binance. uh
we will find out here because if it's
true that Binance sort of lets something
slip here and it's their fault which
it's sort of looking like that this is
going to trigger uh a new movement
either away from centralized exchanges
or away from Binance in some meaningful
way but this was horrific this was wrong
whatever happened that being said uh as
Becker has said here the first two of
these major liquidations were some of
the best days of the last decade to buy
crypto yesterday will probably be the
third now he's referring to CO and FTX
Of course, FTX collapse was the ultimate
low of the cycle. That was the ultimate
low of the bare market. So, if you
bought anything in the FTX collapse, you
became giga rich. Same with the COVID
crash. So, let's see. Um, sorry, Luna
was the beginning of a pain trade. FTX
was the end of that pain trade. So, to
be clear, if you bought FTX or if you
bought uh anything in CO and during that
crash, you ended up being handsomely
rewarded. The other thing I want to
point out here is when you see these
types of liquidations, when you see this
level of liquidations, like we're
showing here with Hyperlquid, these
types of traders will not be able to
recover their funds very quickly. Now,
you did see a post on Binance saying
that they're going to try to give back
funds to users who are affected. This is
something I've never seen before. I've
never seen Binance come out and say,
"Hey, we're going to refund users for a
mistake." Correct me if I'm wrong, but I
don't remember that happening. I don't
recall it off the top of my head. Okay,
so this is a historic level of collapse
to have Binance coming out and saying
we're doing returns. All right, we don't
do that normally. Okay, so this is where
we're at is that this is either the best
buying opportunity of all time or the
beginning of something way more painful
for alts, which I believe will probably
resolve than when the new Fed chair
steps in, looser monetary conditions
come onwards and upwards. But for now,
we don't have that information. We just
need to operate with what we have. And I
believe we should treat this in the same
bucket as the FTX collapse and the COVID
collapse. Both of which didn't recover
until other changes happened. If you
remember, the FTX bottom lasted a little
while. Like probably a few months is
fair to say. I think we have some time
to recover. So, you don't need to be a
hero here. You don't need to jump and do
anything. But what's really interesting
is the DEX just kept on chugging. Kept
on chugging because these events just
create a lot of volume. There's a lot of
activity, right? And so you're seeing
that what the future of this industry
looks like is open and decentralized
finance where this would not have
happened. I mean it's an essentially a
massive advertisement for decentralized
finance. Absolutely crazy. As Ral says,
all of this is noise if you don't use
leverage or of course if you don't use a
ton of leverage across your whole
portfolio. This is definitely something
that you know as you know on this
channel I only touch leverage in very
small amounts. So I did have a couple of
small bets that I had on get liquidated.
It's part of the game. But the two
questions that Ralph points out here is,
are we going towards a future that is
cryptonative? And if so, then this is a
buying opportunity. Any of these
collapses, no matter how bad they are,
you always look back and go, damn, why
didn't I just buy while everyone was
freaking out? So, has the liquidity uh
cycle and business cycle topped or is it
still rising to finance the 10 trillion
that need to roll in the next 12 months?
If both the answers are yes, then this
is all noise. If your time horizon is 5
plus years, then the second part is
noise, too. BTFD DFTU. As Raul says, in
the end to me, like I'm not I'm not
talking down to you. I'm not going to
treat you like a kid here. This was
really brutal. But I'm all in on crypto.
I know that this stuff is coming. The
shape, the type, the pace. We need to be
very flexible because like I've been
saying for the last few months, the
concept of the four-year cycle to me no
longer makes a ton of sense. The concept
of crypto being part of the larger
business and economic cycle makes a ton
of sense. makes ultimate sense, right?
That instead of changing the reward rate
on Bitcoin, that actually Bitcoin's
responding to the entire economy as it
should be as a hedge, as a debasement
protection, and that crypto reprices in
relation to Bitcoin, in relation to
where the risk appetite is in the entire
economy because we all know as today is
a huge example, great example that the
risk in altcoins is severe. So, we
cannot pretend like these instruments
should be traded the same as the MAG7.
Just cuz Google is up today doesn't mean
my altcoins should be up today. And once
we see the risk curve be pushed out,
that's when altcoins will start to catch
more perpetual bids, more persistent
bids rather. This just made me laugh cuz
he said, "My wife is calling me a quote
bad listener of all my net worth just
went down 65% in 1 minute." This was
just interesting. This was just a time
lapse here of the collapse of the chart.
Just kind of crazy to watch. This is not
the way crypto should work and it's sign
that something was very very wrong. Um,
but anyway, we can just maybe scoot
through it. You can see it. Just wild.
Wild. Now, many speculating that Winter
Mute blew up. Uh, Wintermute apparently
is okay. So, it wasn't Wintermute. And
then Jesse is saying that the issue here
is that centralized exchanges like um
one that shall not be named that start
with a B are charging way too much of a
token supply to be listed. Now, we've
all heard these stories and you know,
personally, I've never uh actually
experienced this personally uh because
I've never advised a project that I've
co-founded or worked with. I've never
advised the foundation to proceed with
any kind of predatory listing that
required such a big chunk of tokens.
Now, over time, exchanges get, you know,
a big chunk of tokens because as the
token trades on the exchange, the fees
get paid through in that token to the
exchange. And we all know that those
exchanges tend to sit on those uh and
maybe even use those to trade uh within
the within those pairs. But this is a
problem, right? A lot of people are
saying that this is the issue is that
the listing fees allow for the exchanges
to have way too much of the supply going
forward. Again, let me know in the
comments section below what you think is
the actual cause here. But in the end,
broadly speaking, there are two types of
players left in this market. Multicycle
surviving cockroaches and divinely
protected individuals. Uh I sort of feel
a little bit of both. I feel like I'm a
little bit of both here, right? Because
uh in the end, both types are very hard
to take money from. If you're a
cockroach and you've had this mentality
to survive for what is now 9 years for
me in crypto and it's always just about
surviving, driving down your cost of
living, driving down your lifestyle so
that you can afford to be in the game as
long as it takes to get there. And then
combined with literally praying, uh
literally praying, betting on the moons.
You guys have seen me talk about
astrology. I don't care what you guys
think about it. I'm here to throw the
entire kitchen sink at the success
journey and I do everything from praying
for my bags to working for my bags to
trying to insulate myself against the
risk of my coins going down and that
wiping me off the table. all of those
things together and I agree right so
what I think is left right now in crypto
after yesterday is a very oified group
of people a hardened group of people and
there are a lot of people who got wiped
and I'm sending my thoughts and prayers
to you and I believe that many if not
most of them will come back stronger and
will be richer in the future because
that's how crypto is the type of people
who built up a $60 million portfolio
will do it again right that being said
uh this is what's left and usually the
bigger rallies become more obvious and
start once the community has reached a
hard point. Once you can't drill down
and there's nothing left to dig out,
it's just rock. That's where you get the
diamond hands. That's where you get the
unkillables. And I think after
yesterday, the only people left are the
unkillables, right? So, if you bought
spot, if you're just chilling in spot,
if you have some stake coins, you're
just hands off waiting for all season,
waiting for crypto to do its thing, then
this probably won't affect you. And I
think a lot of my audience probably
won't affect you. I know you guys don't
trade leverage. So, anyway, that's it
for me. Just wanted to make a quick
emergency update. Uh, this is not the
type of video that I wanted to make.
Certainly not the time I wanted to make
it. I was not planning on making content
this week. As you can tell, I am out of
town. And the reality is that sometimes
crypto just deals you the cards that
you're dealt. I do feel this tremendous
sense of optimism. As always, seeing
that one, the future of the industry is
very obvious. It's not these centralized
exchanges. It's the real technology that
we've built that serves a very real use
case. Uh we've seen circuit breakers on
the traditional exchanges as well.
Traditional exchanges fail all the time.
Centralized exchanges fail all the time.
The future is DeFi. The future is open.
And the idea that just cuz there was
this problem in the altcoins today that
this isn't the future of finance. To me,
it's nothing's going to shake me from
that opinion. So, I am one of the
unkillables. I will be here and I hope
you all will be here with us because I
believe that the highest likelihood is
that this is a traumatic event on the
way to a very important and very
life-changingly positive event. So,
that's where I'm betting my money.
Again, it's important to acknowledge the
risks all around. Sending my thoughts
and prayers to everyone who got affected
from yesterday. And hopefully hopefully
most of you uh took a ding on paper on
your coin trackers. You're down, but
you're not out. Uh because the truth is
that this is an endurance game. That's
what this is all proven is that
surviving these traumatic events is what
is the key to ultimately benefiting from
crypto. I hope you all well. Uh sending
my best and I'll see you very soon.
Cheers.