same day that AMD makes a major deal
with Open AI, leading a lot of people to
say this is peak bubble and peak
circular, which we'll talk about exactly
what's going on there. There's a note in
Bloomberg about comparisons from today
all the way back to 1929.
See, in 1929, the Dow Jones fell 17% as
we started entering the Great
Depression.
A lot of people are like, "Ah, 7%. Who
cares?" The market was up double in just
the year prior to that. And we're only
up 73% on the S&P 500 since 2023. So,
we're not up as much. And it took two
years. So, you know, we're not we're not
well, of course not. But, of course,
well, we fell 17% in 2029. That was just
the beginning of a slow, drawn out death
of the stock market. And the circular
financing of what's happening today with
the AMD deal has a lot of people
scratching their heads wondering, "OMG."
After all, in 1930, the Dow was down
33%.
By 1931, it was down 50%, by 1932, it
was down 80%
from its peak. Imagine you're investing
in the Q's today at, you know, 607 and
it falls 80%. Well, 607 * 0.2 would
bring you down to $121
on the cues. Just to make that relatable
to some of the numbers that we're facing
today, if you take the S&P 500, which is
trading for 6,4 $6,741,
multiply that by 0.2, you'd be at $1,348
on the S&P 500 if we had an 80% decline,
just like what happened in 1929 to 1932.
Now, that ended up leading to an
explosion of bank failures. You had
these crazy tariffs that were instituted
in 1930. Good thing we don't make stupid
moves like that.
We had a belief in new technologies like
electrification, vacuum cleaners,
movies, radio, cars. You had radio
stocks going from a $150 per, you know,
stock per share to $85 per share. You
can look up RCA and those companies are
dawn today.
Uh, and of course back then you had a
lot of fraud and insider trading. Like
back then you had a lot of painting the
tape. Fortunately today you don't have
painting the tape because it's illegal.
But I I guess insider trading some say
is exactly still what happens given that
the Kabesi letter says here on October
2nd users on X began noting unusual
options activity in AMD.
Over $6 million worth of longdated call
options were purchased and flows into
AMD stock were strong. One user
explicitly said they bet AMD just signed
a multi-billion dollar deal to support
GPUs to OpenAI.
4 days later, OpenAI and AMD announced a
deal that will generate tens of billions
of dollars in new revenue. Of course, I
I thought the grifting was only possible
in a certain property on Pennsylvania
Avenue, not all over the stock market.
But apparently, it's possible all over
the stock market. And this is where we
got to talk about the potential circular
nature of these investments. And is
there any risk to all of this? Well,
let's figure it out. So, here we go.
Let's understand exactly how this all
breaks down. So, I'm going to try to
walk through this as simply as possible.
So, the first thing we have to
understand is that Nvidia
just made a commitment that they will
invest $10 billion into OpenAI for every
gigawatt that is deployed. Okay, this is
going to be a little hard to follow, so
I'm just going to walk you through it
here one step at a time. Nvidia will
invest $10 billion once the first
gigawatt is deployed. And then every
next gigawatt they'll do another10
billion dollars for a total of hundred
billion dollars. Now when is the first
gigawatt expected to be deployed? Well,
open AAI tells us. Here's the September
22nd press release. And if we scroll
down right here, ah the first gigawatt
of Nvidia systems will be deployed in
the second half of 2026 on Nvidia's Vera
Rubin platform. Ah, okay. Got it. All
right. So let's write that down. So the
first gigawatt will be deployed in the
second half of 2026. Okay, got it. Now
when that first gigawatt is deployed,
what happens then? Well, then $10
billion of investment goes to OpenAI.
Okay, so now OpenAI gets a bunch of new
cash. And what is Open AI now promising
that they're going to do? Well, uh, in
the second half, Open Door or Open Door,
Open AAI is expecting to invest with AMD
into a new deployment of at least 1
gawatt of energy starting in the second
half of 2026.
That's because today we heard that there
was a strategic partnership announced
between AMD and OpenAI where they're
going to deploy 6 gawatt of AMD GPUs.
Listen to this. You can't make this up.
The first gigawatt deployment of AMD is
set to begin in the second half of 2026.
So let let me recap that for a moment.
Okay, AMD is not in the picture and you
got Nvidia and Open Door. Nvidia says,
"Hey, we'll invest10 billion dollars
into OpenAI when we deploy this new
gigawatt expected to be done in the
second half of 2026." Then OpenAI is
like, "Okay, hey AMD, you want to start
construction once we have this inflow of
10 billion from Nvidia into a
gigafactory or, you know, a gigawatt
factory? I'm thinking Tesla here. Uh, in
the second half of 2026, we'll start
that." It's like, "Yeah, let's do that."
You see the circle building so far? And
I'm not making this stuff up. These
they're literally writing it here on the
Nvidia OpenAI deal. We will deploy it in
the second half. And on the AMD OpenAI
deal, we will begin in the second half
of 2026. It's literally like the AMD
deal is waiting for the Nvidia deal to
be done or progressed. So the money from
Nvidia goes to OpenAI which can then go
to AMD. But it gets even more crazy than
that because after that money gets
deployed then AMD gets revenue right
because AMD is going to sell chips to uh
open AAI but who also gets money well
Nvidia is also getting money because
their data centers are getting completed
with open. both deals are going at the
same time, right? But then it gets
really circular because the more money
Nvidia gets, the more money Nvidia can
keep putting into OpenAI to do the
second gigawatt, the third gigawatt, the
fourth gigawatt, the fifth, all the way
up to 10, right? What does AMD do when
they get money? Well, when AMD gets
money, AMD's stock price is going to go
up. But what's crazy is Open AAI is
going to have ownership in AMD.
And if OpenAI has ownership in AMD and
AMD stock goes up and Nvidia has
ownership in OpenAI, then Nvidia
directly benefits from AMD stock going
up, which then means there's more money
for Nvidia to do more deals, which if
Nvidia does the second and third
gigawatt of the more of more deals, then
technically you could go back to AMD and
you could go do the second gigawatt, the
third gigawatt, the fourth gigawatt, and
just always be like 6 months behind the
Nvidia deal, just like they're blatantly
telling you here again, deployed in the
second half, starting in the second
half, and then it'll be the second
gigawatt, the third gigawatt, and the
cycle is literally just a giant
circle based on stock price at one point
because of this AMD commitment because
the AMD commitment Uh the deal is based
on Nvidia hitting certain stock price
tanches which is wild because
AMD all right this is something like
let's back back off the circle for a
moment. You need to understand this
about AMD. AMD does not have as big of
PP
as Nvidia. That's just the reality.
Nvidia has much larger PB.
Let me prove it to you.
on screen.
AMD has a gross margin of 39.8%.
Nvidia has a gross margin that's nearly
twice as large, 72%.
That's called big pricing power. But
then when you look at the net income,
AMD has net income this last year of
11.3%. So their net margin is 11.3%.
Last year is only 4.5%. But even if we
look at the 11.3%, it's still 1ifth of
Nvidia's net income. Nvidia smokes AMD's
pricing power because the margins are
insane. The numbers don't lie. This
isn't me judging someone else's PP. I
don't do that. I don't judge other
people. I just read the financials and
the PP shows itself. I can measure the
PP by going to sec.gov.
It's really simple.
So when we understand that Nvidia has
really big pee pee here, why is AMD
giving up 10% of their company? Because
they have to. It's branding. Now Lisa
Sue can tell everybody, "Hey, look,
OpenAI, the largest AI company in the
world, is betting big on AMD." They're
giving up 10% of their business. But
they're doing that because they want to
use it as marketing to get more deals
with other companies. Maybe Anthropic
will be next or maybe Microsoft or what.
Who knows? All these other companies
will come around because of the
branding. Some of this is evidenced by
the fact that when Lisa Sue was on
Bloomberg this morning, she was asked,
"Oh, so where are these data centers
going to be, Lisa Sue?" And she's like,
"Oh,
oh, where? Oh, well, the world will
actually need data centers everywhere.
So they will be in diversified locations
to be determined.
You can't make that stuff up. That's
exactly what happened. And it's because
you don't really have to make your plans
yet at AMD because you're sort of kind
of at this point it feels like
contingent on the Nvidia buildout
because once the Nvidia buildout
happens, OpenAI gets $10 billion of
cash. Now OpenAI doesn't really have
cash. OpenAI is expecting revenues of
about 12.7 billion this year, but
they're also expecting to be a money
loser between now and probably 2030,
expecting to blow over a hundred billion
of expenses themselves on either
training AI or AI buildouts or whatever.
And these are expectations we're getting
reported by the information. So, a lot
of these insider funding round leaks and
more.
So, what stage of the cycle does all
this kind of crap put us at? Well, we
know this is a giant circle. Again,
OpenAI
gets investments from Nvidia
to go build out factories to go buy
Nvidia chips.
The more money Nvidia gets, the more
they can reinvest back into OpenAI.
OpenAI
signs deals following those investments
with AMD,
giving AMD shares based on the stock
doing well. AMD gets those share or gets
that, you know, uh or sorry, Open Door.
God, Open Door, it's so circular. I trip
over this. Open AAI gets the investment.
AMD, which is worth more as the stock
price of AMD goes up,
which lets OpenAI have a greater
valuation, which boosts Nvidia's
valuation, which lets Nvidia go do more.
I mean, you get it. It's a giant circle.
So, what's what's the stage of the
cycle? Well, here's usually how cycles
work. When people are really fearful,
the only people who buy when there's
fear are people with cash. A lot of
cash. A lot. Everybody buys with cash.
And then after people do a lot of buying
with cash, you get FOMO buying. And then
after you get a lot of FOMO buying, you
get FOMO meets debt.
I kid you not. Those are the words that
are being circulated right now like on
Doomberg or otherwise is that you know
what's keeping this going is debt. You
know here you've got Meta for example
turn to lenders to secure 26 billion in
financing. If you want to see debt just
go look at Oracle. Oracle is like chalk
full of debt. Uh, I actually give credit
to a company like Amazon for using less
debt than some of these other companies
because some of the things are kind of
starting to get scary with just the
amount of FOMO meets debt. And
that's the way it works. That's how you
kind of keep fueling the cycle. Does
that mean we're at the end of the cycle?
Not necessarily. Because if we go back
over here, we can see that after debt,
we get euphoria. But then we get to a
new special phase of the cycle. The
special phase of the cycle is this.
Stock prices start getting pegged to
more euphoria.
Huh. Okay. Well, good thing that's not
happening yet, is it? Oh, wait.
Vesting of AMD ownership is tied to AMD
achieving certain share price targets
and to open AI achieving the technical
and commercial milestones required to
enable AMD deployments at scale. Ah
interesting. So, this deal is contingent
upon AMD going to the moon tripling up
to $600 at the highest trunch, which is
really similar to what you've seen with
Elon's stockbased compensation or the
Open Door plan that oh, Open Door is
going to go to $30 and then we'll get
all this money in stock.
That's a phase of the cycle where you
start tying money being made or deals
being contingent upon the stock price
moving to certain levels. And then of
course you get the mania and the bubble.
What happens after that?
Well, that's for a different video. We
don't want to talk about that. That's
that'd be crazy. Nobody wants to talk
about bubble. Nobody wants to talk about
1929. Although apparently there's like a
new book out now on the 1929 Andrew Ross
Sorcin slapped together. I wonder how
much GPT he used on it. But uh I thought
the article was fascinating. Bloomberg
did a whole write up on it. And it is
interesting because valuations today,
they're not technically as high as what
we saw in the dot bubble, which means
there's still room to go. Here's the
screeny of it right here. S&P valuation
still below.com highs. This is crazy
because I kind I hate comparing anything
to the com era, but if you look at the
Warren Buffett indicator, we are at the
highest level we have ever been
in valuations
uh for the Warren Buffett indicator.
We're like 213%
or whatever as a percentage of GDP. It
was very interesting if I Warren Buffett
indicator
current valuation current market
valuation.com strongly overvalued
Buffett indicator US stock market
divided by annualized GDP 217%. The
highest we have ever seen in history
possibly driven by some of the madness
of these circular deals but whatever. I
do wonder what kind of escape hatches
companies like Microsoft will end up
having. You know, Microsoft has like a
$19 billion deal with Nebas. And I
wonder like what escape hatches the big
companies have because usually they they
have some. The big companies are usually
able to negotiate escape hatches because
they're big. And the small companies
want to work with the big companies, so
they're able to get and negotiate exit
clauses where the small companies are
like, "Well, we'd be dead anyway if the
bubble pops, and so we may as well take
the upside now and then cash out while
you can." That's typically what happens
in a bubble. But anyway, it's worth
noting that right now there are
estimates that we will need $2 trillion
of artificial intelligence revenue to
fully fund the buildout by 2030 of
artificial intelligence that markets are
expecting. The problem is revenues are
only expected to be $1.2 trillion, which
is a 40% miss. And of course, my big
fear is that much like in 1929 where we
started, you know, bailing out
companies, it won't be enough.
We'll cut rates to zero. We'll start
printing money. And it won't be enough
to get people back to work because we
won't have created AI jobs yet. We'll
still be in an environment of not hiring
people because of artificial
intelligence. It's kind of scary, but it
is what it is. Now, you know, in the
short term, I mean, prices will move all
over the place. I mean, this morning in
the uh course member live stream, I
argued that we're probably close to a
top and the highest we would go is what
I said would be 232 on AMD. We stopped
out at about what 228 over here and
we're talking the course member live
like it's the the highest pricing is
probably going to be in the pre-market.
It almost always is. So, but that's in
our course member live stream. So,
anyway,
welcome to the AI bubble.
>> Why not advertise these things that you
told us here? I feel like nobody else
knows about this.
>> We'll we'll try a little advertising and
see how it goes.
>> Congratulations, man. You have done so
much. People love you. People look up to
you.
>> Kevin Pra there, financial analyst. and
YouTuber Meet Kevin. Always great to get
your take.