And from this filing, it looks like we
won't see a transcript of this
recording. We would actually be able to
hear the recording. We will probably
recognize the voice of this person.
>> Hi, welcome to Flossom Talk. I'm Shash
Flor, journalist, Hollywood truth
teller, and your voice of reason in a
town built on delusion. There's so much
delusion going on right now, you guys,
and I've been reporting on some of it.
And today, I hope you're gonna get some
more answers to a lot of the things that
have happened on social media lately
when it comes to Taylor Swift and Blake
Lively and their alleged friendship.
There's also a new ruling, you guys,
which is super exciting. I am really
starting to actually like Judge Lyman at
this point. Every ruling he's done
lately is really helping Bologn's team.
And what he did yesterday is freaking
amazing. Remember that recording that
secretly recorded Sarowitz and the
things that he said about Blake that
they used against him in that filing?
That recording that a woman recorded and
we are about to find out who. So stay
tuned. Also, yesterday, Ben Affleck and
Jennifer Lopez appeared on the same red
carpet, and they looked really cute
together. Let's try to find out what's
really going on there. Also in the news,
Demi Levado and her new face. What's
going on? What's happening to these
young girls doing this kind of stuff to
their faces? It's so heartbreaking to
me. Anyways, let's get into this ruling
from the judge first of all because this
is about to blow up. As you might
remember, a few weeks ago, Blake Lively
filed a motion to get Beldon's team and
the Wayfair party to pay for her
attorney's fees times three plus punit
damage punitive damages, which would be
like millions of millions of millions of
dollars. In that filing, she added some
evidence to prove her point. One of
those things was this recording that
someone did obviously on her behalf. And
that recording was a conversation with
Steve Sarowitz, which is a co-owner of
Wayfair Parties, Justin Baldon's
production company. And as we know now,
he's a billionaire and he's been willing
to fund this whole legal feud. Anyway,
so Blake Lively did what Blake Lively
does, which was to cherrypick a few of
these quotes from this over 30 minute
long phone call or conversation. We
don't know if it's face to face yet or
if it was a phone call, whatever
happened. I don't think we know that
yet. But anyways, she cherrypicked a few
things that she could use to feed into
her narrative as she does. And then she
said to the judge that we need to keep
this sealed. We need to keep the rest of
this recording a secret from the world
because the person who is recorded here
or who did this recording wants to stay
anonymous. Then Steve Sarowitz responded
or his lawyers responded to this saying,
you know, we do not want this to be
sealed. We want all of this to come out
so people can see the whole context of
this conversation. We want people to see
exactly what happened here. Of course,
also Steve Sarowitz knows who this
person is who recorded him. And it's so
obvious at this point that this person
was doing this on behalf of Blake Wy.
Why would you get into a conversation
and press record before you start
talking to someone if you're not going
to use it or plan to use it against that
person? And what we also find out when
we hear this recording is if that person
pushed on Steve Sarowitz to say these
things. Maybe this person who we now
know also is a woman. Maybe she pushed
him and said, you know, this is so
unfair what they've done to you. What do
you think? You know, we don't know what
kind of tricks she used to get him to
say these things. And the reason why I'm
saying I think she kind of pressured him
into saying these things is because why
would Sarahitz want this to be public if
he had anything to hide here? So in the
judge ruling yesterday, he said that
this kind of motion carries a strong
presumption of public access and the
privacy interest claims were not
compelling enough to outweigh it. So he
basically said that the value of this
recording to become public outweighs the
value of keeping this person a secret.
We also know that apparently this was
recorded in California, which means that
this recording is basically illegal
because California is a two consent
state, meaning that both parties in a in
a recording needs to agree that this is
recorded. And of course, Steve Sarvis
did not know that he was recorded here.
And from this filing, it looks like we
won't see a transcript of this
recording. We would actually be able to
hear the recording. And then if it is
some actress maybe we will probably
recognize the voice of this person. I
mean it could be Jenny Slate. It could
be Isabella Ferrer. It could be some
publicist. We don't know who it is. But
what we do know is that this person
allegedly also felt that Belon had been
verbally abusive against her as well.
And the only person that we know so far
that has felt that is Jenny Slate.
Without speculating any further, we will
get to the bottom of this. And I think
for that person now to know that this
will become public. And for Blake as
well, this looks so shady that she
actually sent out some spy to record a
conversation. This again just proves how
they have created this lawsuit based on
absolutely nothing. They just tried to
build a case that wasn't really there.
And now, as you know, we're also going
to get to the bottom of that Van Xan
lawsuit. We're going to get the
communication that happened before they
actually filed that lawsuit to get hold
of Jennifer Abel's phone. So, that is
major as well. We have some really,
really interesting weeks and months
ahead of us in this case. And I'm really
starting to look at this a lot more
optimistic than I did before. And we
have to talk about this bracelet
situation that I also spoke about
yesterday. If you missed that video, you
can go watch it. It's been all over the
internet that Blake Lively and Taylor
Swift have the same bracelet. Well,
there are some more details to this that
you need to know about. But before I get
into that, I wanted to thank the sponsor
of this video, Earth Breeze. When I
first heard about this, I was like, why
did no one invent this until now? Yes,
one sheet will actually clean your
clothes. And that's not all. I'm sure
that you know that a lot of the stuff
that you have at home is filled with
unnecessary chemicals. And I realize
that the laundry detergent that I
usually use is packed with it. And that
means you walking around with these
chemicals touching your skin all day
long. It makes me itch just thinking
about it. Earth Breeze detergent sheets
are free from harsh chemicals like
optical brighteners, dyes, parabens,
phosphates, and preservatives. And no
heavy plastic jugs. No mess and no harsh
chemical residue. Just a lightweight
pre-measured sheet that dissolves so
easily in your washing machine and it
gets the job done. You just throw it in,
put your clothes in, and voila, your
clothes comes out fresh, clean, and
soft. And storing something like this,
there's enough space for this anywhere.
And this is 60 loads of wash. And here's
something that a lot of people actually
don't know that some of these regular
detergents are filled with chemicals
that don't even clean your clothes.
Things like optical brighteners actually
stick like glue to your clothes. It's
actually tricking your eyes into
believing that your clothes look whiter
and brighter. And if you put it under a
black light, you can actually see it.
It's pretty gross. With Earth Breeze, I
feel so much better knowing that I don't
fill up my home with unnecessary
chemicals. If you want the powerful
clean without the chemicals, you should
try Earth Breeze right now. You can try
Earth Breeze for 40% off plus four free
gifts. Go to earthbreeze.com/shashi
my name or scan this QR code. That's
earthbre.com/shashi.
Okay, so let's talk about this bracelet
that everyone's like, "Oh, they had the
same bracelet and this was custom made
for Blake and Taylor must have borrowed
it and blah blah blah." And on the
picture which I showed yesterday, I
can't really see that this is the same
bracelet. They might be in different
lighting, but to me it looks like a
different bracelet. This is Lorine
Schwarz. And Taylor Swift has been
working with Lauren Schwarz for many,
many years. She's been photographed so
many times with her jewelry and the same
as Blake. And to me, it looks really
strange that in the middle of this feud,
Taylor Swift calls up Blake and like,
"Hey, Blake, that that bracelet that you
wore, can I borrow it?" No. And for
these people who say that this is just a
one-of-a-kind bracelet, that is a lie.
Unless Blake also let Megan the Stallion
wear this bracelet at the Oscars in 2022
because she's wearing the same bracelet
as Taylor Swift in this photo. It's
obvious that that is the same bracelet.
So maybe they usually borrow each
other's jewelry.
They don't. The thing is how these
things work. I'm sure Lorine Schwarz and
Taylor Swift has a business deal here.
It's not like, "Oh, can I wear that on
my cover shoot?" No, every detail is so
well planned here, you guys. And she's
probably getting a ton of money for
wearing her jewelry as well. Maybe she
just borrowed it. Maybe it was given to
her. I don't know about those details,
but these things, the jewelry that she's
wearing on her cover, it's not random.
Talking about that, remember that pin by
the way that Justin Baldoni wore wore at
the premiere of It Ends With Us. And
then later after all this drama, Brendan
Slenar wore the same pin at South by
Southwest and everyone was like, "Oh my
god, he's secretly supporting Justin
Baldon. He's wearing the same pin." And
then someone actually asked him about
it. Why were you wearing that pin? It's
the same pin. And he was like, "I don't
know. My stylist picked it out for me."
Yeah, that's how these things happen.
And today there is a story in the Daily
Mail talking about Blake and Taylor's
friendship again because now it's gone
from oh cancelled is about Blake and
it's like a little message to Blake that
you know I forgive you. I never believe
that. By the way, if you watched my
previous videos you see my opinion about
that. I do not think this is a message
from Taylor to Blake that they're still
friends. I am pretty convinced that
these two are never ever going to be
friends again. And today, this article
in the Daily Mail suggested the same
thing. They actually had two different
headlines for this article. It started
off with insider reveal exactly what's
happening behind the scenes with Taylor
Swift and Blake Lively dot dot dot and
the humiliating condition that's a
lifeline for their friendship. Then a
few hours later, they changed the
headline to this. Brutal ghosting,
public fallout, and a humiliating
lifeline. Backroom secrets of Taylor
Swift and Blake Lively after hit new
song. And now there's an insider here
saying to Daily Mail exclusively saying
here now multiple insider have
exclusively told Daily Mail that Swift
song cancelled is about Lively and her
legal battle against former It Ends With
Ostar and director Justin Baldoni.
That's also what I think here that I've
been very open about that I think this
song is about Blake. Some people don't
agree with that. The only one who knows
the truth here is Taylor herself and
maybe some insiders. Who knows? The
story continues to say that Taylor and
Blake have reconnected and some
apologies were made about her being
dragged into the lawsuit, but it's no
way a signal that she is supporting
Blake in the ongoing case because she
wants to stay out of it. One source told
the Daily Mail, "In the tense track of
the life of a showgirl, Swift appeared
to offer a tentative olive branch to
Lively as the wax poetic about sharing a
bond with those in her inner circle who
have also face public scrutiny." And it
continues to say, "Although Swift and
Lively are on better terms,
fans shouldn't expect the singer to
publicly support the actress in her feud
with Baldoni anytime soon. Taylor and
Blake are on better terms, but she has
made it explicitly clear that she won't
endorse Blake or support her publicly.
Yeah, I don't know if it got any wiser
from that. I've also been investigating
this like that Blake Lively left on
Taylor Swift's album on her Instagram.
This like made headlines and it was all
about Blake supporting Taylor Swift. She
didn't leave a like when she got
engaged, by the way, but for her new
album that she thought that maybe like
this article suggested that Taylor was
giving her an olive branch or whatever.
Blake and her team probably agreed after
a couple of hours meetings that she
would like this post. Really interesting
thing here though because when I was
looking at this yesterday, I could not
find the like and I couldn't find it
today either. And then one of you guys
sent me a screenshot that she had
actually liked the post. And I was like,
did that happen? Did she remove it then
or what happened here? And then I asked
Magnus to go in and check from his phone
if he could see if Blake had liked the
post. And on his phone, it shows that
she liked it. On my phone, it doesn't.
It's so strange. I try to go on Tragedy
to find out why this happens. if I'm
kind of restricted to see whatever her
activities are. I don't know if that is
a feature. It doesn't seem like that's a
feature on Instagram. Let me know if you
can find this like on Taylor Swift's
Instagram from Blake Lively. Let me know
in the comment section. It would be
really interesting to see why a lot of
people can't see this like because I've
seen other content creators covering
this as well and they couldn't find the
like either. Also, there's been a lot of
frustration out there regarding Travis
Kelsey's podcast. the new heights. So
yesterday he republished on his YouTube
channel this video that he and his
brother who he runs the podcast with
were reviewing Blake Lively's movie
Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. This
video was recorded a year ago on October
27th of last year. And then in that
video, he's saying that our friend Blake
Lively and I like Blake Lively,
whatever. And everyone's like, "What?
Why are you reposting this now? Why are
you reposting an old video on your
podcast channel?" And it says that you
like Blake. I was looking at the
comments on this video and people are
furious like, "What are you doing? This
is so disappointing. I'm going to
unsubscribe to your channel now." And
people are definitely seeing this as a
sign that Travis Kelce wants to still be
friends with Blake Lively, although he
very publicly unfollowed Ryan Reynolds.
And I thought, "This is so strange." It
really is strange. Like, it doesn't make
any sense to me. I thought maybe an
intern just uploaded it by mistake. And
there, thank you so much for sending
this to me. One of you guys sent me
this. This is a message that's posted on
the board of this podcast and it says,
"We've got some exciting news to share
with you. Starting today, Monday,
October 6th, we're making all of our
bonus episodes free for everyone."
That's right. He Heights Hotline Film
Club and more in the future will now be
available to all of our amazing fans at
no cost. A part of this change, we've
decided to wind down our paid YouTube
channel membership program. But don't
worry, this don't doesn't impact the
main New Heights YouTube channel. We are
still bringing you the same weekly show,
blah blah blah blah blah. So, I'm going
to give Travis the benefit of the doubt
here and say that he didn't have
anything to do with this. This is the
production team behind his podcast
deciding to upload these old episodes
again because they want them to be
available for everyone. I don't know if
they just took away the membership tag
on it that now is available for everyone
and then it looks like it's a new
upload. I don't know if how that
actually works on YouTube. I should have
checked that before I recorded this. But
I think that this is something that he
didn't have anything to do with. Why on
earth would they upload that? And it's a
terrible episode. It's so boring to
listen to them talking about this movie
anyways. So there's no point and it
doesn't really have many views. It just
has a lot of comments. So, if you want
to enjoy the comment section there, it's
still open, so feel free. Also, big
surpriser, I have to say, Ben Affleck
and Jennifer Lopez showed up at the same
red carpet yesterday. It was for her
movie, Kiss of the Spiderwoman, which
Ben Affleck is the executive producer
of, but everyone was like, "Is he going
to show up at this carpet?" as you know,
their divorce have been kind of messy
and they've been saying not so nice
things about each other and now they're
actually showing up for each other. I
was like, this is really nice. It's good
to see that people can get themselves
together and be respectful towards each
other. It even looked like they were
enjoying each other's company here. I
don't know if that was just like, you
know, staged for all the media that was
there, but you could see also that they
were a little nervous. I watched some
interviews where Ben, he hates being
interviewed. I met him a few times. I
actually really like Panaffle in
interviews. He's very honest and open
about things. But but in this interview,
you could see he was never looking at
the interview. He was just looking
around and you know, it's a really like
a good sign that someone doesn't want to
be there. They don't want to be
interviewed. But then he was saying he
was so proud of Jennifer and I thought
that was really nice. And she said the
same thing about him that this movie
could never be made without him. So, I
applaud both of them for sticking
together through this and for showing
like a united front and I think it's
great for the movie. Obviously, this
premiere got a lot more attention
because they were there together. And I
also think after everything they've been
through together and they can do this
together, thinking about how Blake
Lively just threw Justin Baldon in the
basement and couldn't be at the red
carpet with him at the same time because
of those ridiculous little things that
she said that he had done to her. I
mean,
also, as I said in the beginning, I was
so shocked when I saw Demi Leado. She's
at a fashion week event and she showed
up with a new face. She's so young.
She's 33 years old and she completely
changed up her face. She's only 33 years
old and she's doing this to her face. I
think it's so tragic what's happening in
Hollywood specifically right now when
everyone is just changing up their faces
and they all kind of morph into the same
person. They got the same lips, the same
eyes, the same cheekbones and it all
looks fake and they're just erasing the
uniqueness of their faces. And I think
it's so sad to see that some of these
young girls, especially really young
girls. I mean, one thing is when you
look at these women that are a little
older in their 50s and 60s doing things
to try to look younger, but when you're
33
and you do this, it just breaks my
heart. I hope she's in a good place and
that she's happy with her new look. Um,
but I wish people would stop doing this
to themselves. Anyways, that's it from
you guys. I hope you enjoy this episode
and please subscribe if you haven't and
all that good stuff and hype if you can.
You can become a member by clicking join
underneath this video and yeah, hit the
notification bell so you never miss an
episode of Flossom Talk. And I'll see
you tomorrow. Bye.
[Music]