Today I am putting absolutely everything
on the line for you guys and putting
myself potentially in harm's way to
expose something that happened which I
believe to be either the most gross
negligence the world has ever seen or
some of the most insane market
manipulation we have ever witnessed in
our entire lives in the crypto industry.
Now unless you live under a rock you're
probably aware that XRP went down to
$120 per coin. Bitcoin went from 120,000
to 102,000 per coin and many other
cryptocurrencies lost somewhere around
anywhere from 60 to 90% of their value
in a very short period of time just to
rebound very quickly. And today I'm
going to expose why Binance was at the
core of this, what they could have
actually done to stop this, and why I
think that they actually didn't stop
this and they actually profited
immensely off of what just happened.
What we've seen here was the most amount
of liquidations the crypto market has
ever seen in a 24-hour period of time by
a massive amount. We're not just talking
about like by like 2x or 3x. This is
more than 10x the amount of liquidations
we've ever seen in a 24-hour period of
time in crypto history. This is the
single largest liquidation event the
crypto market has ever seen and probably
the largest liquidation event the world
has ever seen. This is absolutely
insane.
So, the actual number is much larger
than I thought it was. It was just
reported on this morning. There was over
16.8
billion worth of cryptocurrency longs
liquidated in the past 24 hours. And I
know what some of you guys might say,
like, oh yeah, if you're trading
leverage, you deserve to lose or if
you're trading leverage, you're taking
that risk. But the problem is when the
market makers are actively rigging the
markets and doing things to liquidate
people to their benefit, this is not a
fair market anymore. This is no longer
decentralized. This is a market that
serves the top 0.1% elite who are making
billions of dollars at the cost of
everyone else. all of the retail traders
who do not have the inside information,
who are not able to open up these shorts
before Trump makes this tariff
announcement, who have nothing to do
with the market makers and can't submit
trades because they're getting locked
out of their exchange. This is not okay.
So, Binance released a statement on this
which I am not at all happy with. What
they simply said is due to heavy market
activity, our systems are under high
load. Some users may experience
intermittent delays or display issues.
We're actively monitoring the situation
and working to resolve it. Funds are
safe. Thank you for your patience. Now,
I want to remind you guys that they are
saying this during a period of time
where XRP is going to $1.20 per coin
when it was trading at 280 within like
just an hour before. People are losing
billions of dollars at this moment. And
this is the corporate mumbo jumbo that
Binance is spewing on their account. And
Binance could have been taking action at
this time in order to stop these
liquidations from happening, but they
were not. And I'm going to explain
exactly what they could have done and
what they didn't do.
So, as the dominant exchange and
liquidity provider, Binance had tools to
blunt this liquidation event. They
should have acted faster, but the
overload caught them flatfooted. Here's
what they could have done and in some
cases did but just way too late. Deploy
proactively based on their own risk
policies and past events. So there's
something called, you know, a proactive
trading halt or suspension. This is
something that major stock exchanges do
because it actually helps allow uh, you
know, things to, you know, things like
this not to happen. If people are unable
to buy a crypto asset when it's losing
like 80% of its value over the course
of, you know, 45 minutes, there's
obviously something wrong with that
market because there are people that are
actively able to trade that, but these
people are probably insiders, right? And
so basically what you're seeing is
people that are outsiders like you and
me, we get no opportunity to buy the
dips or do anything while these other
people are able to. And there are other
people who have massive amounts of
capital who are able to massively
manipulate the market and liquidate
people because they can sell massive
amounts or open up huge shorts and just
completely destroy the long positions in
that period of time cuz nobody's able to
submit any trades at all.
So basically what this does with a
proactive trading halt is it pauses
future and spot for volatile pairs. For
example, you could do this for Bitcoin,
Ethereum, every single cryptocurrency.
and it freezes the order flow and
prevents cascades from DPEGs and gapped
prices and gives times for them to fix
the oracles in order to ensure price
stability. There's also something called
dynamic margin hikes and circuit
breakers which would essentially auto
raise margins from 5% to 20% or trigger
a 2 to 10 minute pause on greater than
10% moves. This is something that you
see happen in the stock market actually
quite frequently and this saves retail
investors and institutional investors in
case of insane things happening which
the stocks can't handle. This
essentially reduces leverage exposure
before dumps and throttle throttles over
optimistic longs like the 16.7 billion
that were liquidated here. There's also
the potential to do liquidity injections
from reserves which would uh basically
be pump insurance fund or market maker
quotes to tighten spreads and DPEGs. Uh
and then they could have done API engine
throttling tweaks and cross margin
safeguards. But the fact of the matter
is they should have had proactive
trading halts and suspensions, dynamic
margin hikes and circuit breakers active
before any of this happened. But they
didn't. And this is the one market maker
that virtually every single exchange
uses. If you're trading on Coinbase,
BTCC, Bitex, all of these top exchanges,
you know, they're basically using
Binance's liquidity for these trades to
happen. They are the market maker,
right? They are the guy that pretty much
everybody goes to in the crypto space.
And so, if they're not working properly,
all of these exchanges are also not
working either. And this creates an
absolutely abysmal cascade effect where
everybody is getting screwed over. And
the issue with this is that there's
nothing that we can do about it. The
only person that can actually remedy the
situation is Binance. Do you think this
$16 billion just disappeared from the
markets? No. It went over to people that
opened up shorts that people were
actually able to trade during this
period of time. People that actually
were able to close positions at this
period of time. But 90% of you guys
watching this, if you're trading on any
of the top 10 exchanges, were not able
to do any of that. I was trying to log
into my exchange 10 times over the
course of this period of time and I was
unable to do it. I had to just watch my
order get liquidated and I was unable to
log in and do anything about it. And
this is the case for many other people
as well. Some people were able to log in
but they weren't even able to close
their position. So they just had to
watch themselves get liquidated or some
people were able to log in but the chart
wouldn't load, their trades wouldn't
load because of all of the massive
amounts of uh activity happening in the
markets. And probably the most insane
thing about all of this is when we look
at the charts, what we can see is there
was a massive sell-off people. You know,
there's a massive massive sell. I mean,
look at this. Look at this. In 45
minutes, there's three candles right
here. There's one candle right here for
XRP down 7% there. Another candle right
here down 8%. This candle right here. In
these this 45 minutes right here, we
went from 269
down to 219
down to $120 on most exchanges for for
XRP.
We're losing like 60 70% of our value in
like an hour of trading. That is insane.
And then what happens immediately
thereafter is we have this insane candle
going all the way back up to 280
instantly. Just like that.
Tell me how that is okay. Tell me how
that is fair. Nobody was able to buy
this dip. And the people that were were
basically the market makers and other
people that were rigging the markets.
And now these people are not even
addressing the situation. They just made
billions of dollars off of the backs of
all of us. There were whales that opened
up shorts and made hundreds of millions
of dollars right over here. In fact, I
want to show you one of those right now.
So, here is one example of a whale we
can track only because they were doing
this on an open source deck where you
can see on Hyperlid. This was just
publicly on Hyperlid, right? And this
guy basically uh closed 90% of his
Bitcoin position short and fully closed
his Ethereum short, making around $190
to $200 million in profit in just one
day. The crazy part is that he shorted
another 9 figures worth of Bitcoin and
Ethereum minutes before the cascade
happened. And this was just publicly on
Hyperlquid. Imagine what centralized
exchanges could do when those
transactions are completely hidden. This
is what I'm trying to tell you guys.
These guys just rigged the market. And
there were people publicly opening these
shorts right before Donald Trump's
tariff announcement. Right before all
these exchanges started to collapse,
baking hundreds of millions of dollars
publicly. Like they're not even hiding
it. Imagine what they're actually
hiding. We're talking about these people
just making billions of dollars off of
the back of the entire crypto industry,
completely rigging the markets in their
favor. And this is why I think that
people are not angry enough. This is why
I think that people are not, you know,
putting enough pressure on Binance right
now. This is not fair. This is just
simply completely corrupt and we need
some kind of change. If you agree with
that, please hit that like button so
more people see this video. And also,
um, I am actually working with my
partner exchanges, both BTCC and Bit
Unix, in order to refund as many of you
guys as possible who are negatively
impacted by this. Cuz unfortunately,
these smaller exchanges like BTCC and
Bitnix, they have no choice but to use
the market maker Binance, right? And so
what these guys have done, they've said
to me, "Listen, Levi, we want to help
reimburse your users who are negatively
impacted cuz a lot of these exchanges
you couldn't log into, you couldn't even
access, you couldn't even open trades.
So if you guys signed up using my Bitex
link or my BTC link, please make sure
you get into my Discord, okay? You just
simply enter in your info right here. If
you already signed up using my link, but
you have to have been on my link for
this. I can only help my users." So, if
you sign up using Milink for Bit Enix or
BTCC, you know, enter your information
into this form here. Get into my
Discord. I have a a sheet in there, a
Google sheet to fill out. I'll show you
guys right here so that you guys uh can
help get reimbured here. I'm sending
this over to my contacts at the
exchange. Um, and they're going to of
course help you guys out, okay? So,
please do that if you sign up using my
link. Um, and I'm gonna help as many
people as possible throughout this
process. You know, I I feel terrible for
everyone who is in affected by this, but
we got to do something, and that's why
I'm making this video. Thank you
everyone uh for watching. Please
remember to like, comment, and subscribe
so more people can see this video, the
word can be spread out there. Let's help
as many people as possible. Thank you
guys for watching. Much love. Peace out.