Hey guys, today's lesson video and the
main topic is not to fire your hips hard
in the down swing. And the reason for
that being is that for most everyday
golfers, if I have 10 everyday golfers
out out on the range and they want to
hit the golf ball farther, for some
reason, not a single golfer tries to
release the golf foot better. Most
golfers, they try to fire their hips a
lot harder. But what happens is that
firing our hips is a good power source,
but it has to happen at the right time.
But for most everyday golfers, they want
to hit the golf ball so well and so far
from the start. What happens is that
from the top of their back swing before
anything else happens, they fire their
hips very open. So from this position,
my hands and the golf club is still kind
of lacking behind my body. And from this
position, all I have left is because I
maxed out my hip rotation, all I have
left is to just have a glancing blow
towards impact. So we do want to fire
our hips, but not from the start. So,
what I want to get at is that do not
fire your hips unless you guys know this
one simple secret. It might not even be
a secret, but I'm just going to call it
a secret. So, if you guys get into the
top of your back position, and if the
golf club lowers to roughly around waist
high to around like halfway down, then
from this position, you could fire your
hips as hard as possible. And we're
going to have the golf club and the ball
be thrown out towards the target very
effortlessly. But if you try to fire
your hips before that, so for example,
if my club is still up here and if I
fire my hips from the start, all we have
left is a glancing blow at impact. So
the reason why we want to fire our hips
is because we want to create momentum
from this side, the right side of my
body towards the target. But if I have
momentum towards the target, we have to
get the golf club to be in line with
around my waistline right here. And then
if I use my lower body, then I could
sling the club towards the target. So,
we always got to make sure that the golf
club falls down to around the waist
high. And then that's when we're firing
our hips. So, a good rule of thumb is is
that when you practice, this is
literally how you guys should practice.
You want to go top for your back swing.
Drop the golf club to around waist high.
And then notice how my belt line is
still
in a closed position. My back is still
towards the target until my golf club
falls to around roughly around halfway
down. Then from this position, when I
open up my lower body, that's when I'm
going to throw the golf club forward.
Not before then. So do not fire your
hips from the start. Fire your hips
after the golf club falls to around
roughly around halfway down. And then
it's going to feel like we're just
throwing the golf club towards the
target. And from that position, another
thing that we have to just kind of keep
in the back of our mind is that the golf
club and our body should always be kind
of facing each other. Our arm should
always be in front of our body. So
always make sure that my chest and my
sternum is always pointing the with the
golf club. My chest and my sternum is
always pointing at the golf club. So, if
I'm in a position where I go to the top
of my back swing and if I fire my hips
from the start, notice how my chest and
my sternum is pointed out here and my
grip end is all the way back here. What
you want to do is top of your back
swing, golf club is in front of my body,
my chest and my sternum is pointing my
grip towards my grip. Transition, golf
club is still in pointed in front of my
body. Then from this position, when I
rotate open, my grip and my sternum is
still pointing towards each other and
I'm kind of facing towards my golf club.
So, my golf club and my arm should
always be in front of my body, in front
of my body. But if I open up my hips too
soon, my body is no longer facing
towards the golf club. So, always make
sure that the club and your arms are
always in front of your body, in front
of your body, in front of your body, and
from that position, learn how to fire
your hips from there. I think if you
just focus on that, then we'll be in a
much better position. So to kind of
clarify everything for the top of your
back swing, what we want to do is want
to drop our arms to around waist high.
And then we want to fire our hips open.
And we always got to make sure that our
stern thermum and our chest is always
pointing towards the golf club. And our
arms are always in front of our body. In
front of my body,
in front of my body. So always make sure
you focus on those couple things. I
think we'll be in a much better
position. So if you guys like the lesson
video, please like and subscribe to help
my channel grow. And for inerson or
online lessons, I'll leave all the
information in the description below.