Pain heels. Chicks dig scarves.
Glory last forever.
>> Apparently Sophie Cunningham is getting
a lot of heat, getting a lot of
backlash. People hating on her for
cashing in on Caitlyn Clark. Always
talking about her on her podcast and on
and on and on. So, I thought we'd just
dial things back a little bit, give you
a little reminder as to what Sophie
Cunningham did earlier in this season
that had not been done in a season plus
by any Indiana Fever player.
Shout out Anaka, of course. I She always
finds this stuff for me after a year and
a half of watching Cece getting beaten
up like she owed them money. This was
incredibly satisfying. And this was Hold
on. Don't be running on me yet. There,
Mr. Video.
And to uh to Michael's point here, I
know a lot of people are not happy with
Sophie Cunningham because of her
podcast. I get it. I don't get it. But I
also get that for over a season, we
watched time and time again Caitlyn
Clark get beat up and she was the only
one to say enough and do something about
it. So, let's run this back just a
little bit. For those of you that don't
remember, now of course there was more
to it. This is when Sophie Cunningham
herself got hurt with uh JCS Sheldon in
a previous game and then we had the
nonsense that we had and the next time
with JC Sheldon purposely. You will not
look at her facial expression after.
Look at the swipe of her hand. Look at
where the ball went. You will never
convince me that JCS Sheldon did not do
what JCS Sheldon did on purpose. And
then the more I watch of what Marina
Mabbury did after the fact is that woman
should have been suspended for the rest
of the season. And this is where again I
will I will stand on Kathy Angleberg as
a terrible commissioner. She did not get
the league under control. She did not
understand what she had with Caitlyn
Clark or she just did. And then of
course we had this with Sophie when she
finally went after JC Sheldon and then
made her look like a little ragd doll.
She's going to take on both women at
once. You don't scare me. I am going to
dog walk you a little bit. Jaci, you
should not be coming after me. In case
you didn't know it, I'm a farm girl with
a black belt in taekwond do. probably
not best to be coming after me.
And a lot of people then say, "Oh, well,
Sophie didn't do that for Caitlyn. That
was just because of what happened the
previous game when she rolled her
ankle." Man, come on now. And the one
thing I couldn't find, I wish I did.
Now, I did put it in another video uh
when talking about this previously is
finally finally had found a uh angle
from the end line
behind the fever basket, the one they
were shooting at so you could see the
fever bench down the line. And when
Marina Mabberry blindsided Caitlyn
Clark, Sophie Cunningham leapt off that
bench so damn fast. The only reason she
didn't get on the court is because the
coach, and it's a smart decision because
it would have been automatic that Sophie
was tossed, probably would have been the
one to end up getting get suspended,
grabbed her and prevented her from going
on the court when Caitlyn got attacked.
And the other thing I will say, and I
think you see it early in this, and I'll
let it run back to that as I speak, Lexi
Hull did step in front of JC Sheldon
because if you see after JCS Sheldon
swipes Caitlyn Clark, Caitlyn grabs her
eye and Sheldon continues to go after
him. Caitlyn sort of pushes her away,
which is completely understandable. It's
like, you just tried to blind me, which
happened to me last year. Now you get
out of my face. Completely understand
that. So I And I believe Lexi Hall is
like, "No, no, none of that." did step
in front of her which is the most that
I've seen and I think it's here where
we'll see it. I think it's the most I've
seen by another right there. So unless
he's like yeah yeah none of that but
again Sophie Cunningham is really the
only player in the Indiana Fever that
has defended Caitlyn Clark in the way
we're seeing here and not just on the
court. That's the other thing and that's
what I think also separates Sophie
Cunningham is she has been very vocal
including last year before she was even
a member of the Indiana Fever as to what
Caitlyn Clark means to the league and
that she is the face of the league and
Sophie Cunningham has always been very
vocal about that.
So to sit here and be upset about her
with the podcast or talking about how
she's cashing in and also very if you
watch the podcast
other than maybe just it's hard not to
talk about Caitlyn Clark if you're
talking about the WNBA, but specifically
I think to Caitlyn Clark is Sophie
Cunningham herself really only brings it
up when she's asked about it. Now you
know if you're talking about the the
growth of the WNBA, how do you not talk
about Caitlyn Clark? So it's just so
bizarre to me that people are attacking
Sophie Cunningham as if she's cashing
in. Now, one thing I will say to be
consistent,
I don't think any players, any athletes,
I and it's not just the WNBA, NBA. I
hated it when you had Sixers doing it.
These people should not have their own
podcast that they do during the season.
And a lot of people are knowing going to
say, "Oh, well, why not? They have time
off." Blah, I don't care. It's a
distraction. It's unnecessary. I don't
think players should be doing it. And
that's not just Sophie Cunningham.
That's not just Aaliyah Boston. That's
not just Angel Reese for those who think
I hate on Angel Ree. That is all of
them. Now, is it different especially if
you are, you know, doing it over Zoom or
Skype or or whatever it is system that
you're using for players to go on med
podcast and get interviewed during the
season and maybe they're doing it from
home and you know, they don't have to
really do any prep work that's not
theirs. They're not running it. It's
just, hey, you know, 7 6:00 or whatever,
come on for 20 minutes and they turn on
their computer and do one. Yeah, I get
it. Athletes have always gone on local
sports radio and things like that. So,
I'm not saying never do interviews,
don't do any media. I just think it's a
distraction to have your own podcast,
but you know, that's just me. And to
that, the one thing I wanted to add,
which kind of got this going again, was
Caitlyn uh Sophie Cunningham here
talking about Caitlyn Clark and the
offense that the Fever have run,
>> be Caitlyn or like a healthy LeBron,
wherever they go, that team will
probably be above 500.
>> Yep. But
>> is that fair to say?
>> Yes. But I think that the reason behind
that is because those types of athletes,
they get to come into an organization,
they have the green light and they can
do whatever they want where that is very
rare
>> to get drafted and be able to control
the whole system,
>> right?
Was CC making decisions
like
>> Yeah.
>> within Yeah.
>> As she should way
>> as she should, but I also think that
like they go
>> Oh, that's crazy. I didn't real I didn't
realize that. I just she's just young. I
just didn't think that that
>> but but when you have a generational
talent like that, she should have a lot
to say of the system. I also think when
you have
>> be Caitlyn,
>> now here's the thing. I thought that was
very interesting and I think that again
I she's right. I think that I won't
necessarily say
it because coach is coach, right? I
won't necessarily play say players
should control things, but again, one of
the big ones people have liked to
compare this to is going all the way
back to Magic Johnson and Westhead who
wanted to run this grinding half court
offense, which of course didn't suit
Magic Johnson, didn't suit the Lakers.
You had a sort of a player coach
standoff. The coach gets fired. Is I
think you should have a coach that
recognizes what your superstar, what
your generational talent does well and
what the what makes the team the best
with that and then run that system. Um,
you know, I think that's a a big
difference between the player making all
of the decisions and with what Sophie
Cunningham's saying. I I think here it
sounds like Caitlyn Clark had a lot of
had input, but I think a lot of that
input was annoyed, right? Was ignored.
Sorry, not annoyed. And we saw I mean,
we could see it. We saw a couple of
games where Caitlyn Clark was 100%
Caitlyn Clark. And we saw a lot of games
when she played this year in those 13
where she absolutely was not and it was
boring and none of us liked it. and
Caitlyn didn't play well in it. And I
think Caitlyn Clark
very much graded. She may love Stephanie
White. They may have a great
relationship and she may be like, you
know, I don't know, brainwashed into
Stephanie White's the coach for me
because Stephanie White says all the
right things. But it's an interesting
dichotomy because Caitlyn Clark clearly
and listening to her speak throughout
the season when she was playing, it was
very clear that she did not like what
the Fever were doing. Now, she didn't
come out and say, "Hey, my coach is
terrible." But, you know, she came she
would make comments and I've played them
before about how, you know, we're best
when we do this and not when we do this.
And they were doing the thing they
weren't best at. And it was very clear
that she was grading against the system
they were running. So, it's going to be
very interesting to see next year what
happens with this team and the system
they run. There's going to be a lot of
changes to the roster as well. Although,
of course, Stephanie White's going to be
back. So, who knows? We already know
when I did a video on it with Caitlyn
Clark about the whole riskreward thing
and Stephanie White telling her not to
throw passes that are the passes that
make Caitlin Clark Caitlyn Clark. So
that's going to be interesting as well.
But man, get off Sophie Cunningham's
back. This is absolute nonsense to be
like, "Oh, she's cashing." First of all,
even if she is to I don't she's not
doing it, I don't think, in the way that
a lot of people are trying to insinuate.
I think her and Caitlyn Clark seem to be
actual friends and Sophie Cunningham has
always spoken her mind. Even before
Caitlyn she was on the fever, she talked
about how hey, you're idiots if you
don't think Caitlyn Clark is the face of
the league and it's fantastic for all of
the rest of us and you're seeing that
with Sophie. But anyway, let me know
your thoughts in the comments below.
Appreciate you checking out the video as
always. Smash that like button,
subscribe to the channel. Go the day you
deserve. I will talk to you later.