Now this story is absolutely hilarious.
Disney after years of race swapping and
absolute box office disaster after a
absolute box office disaster has finally
admitted that race swapping doesn't
actually bring more people into the
movies. Now, this is something that we
all knew and they had to lose$10 billion
dollars roughly to finally figure out
and they have it is so bad that Disney
hiring a white actress has made numerous
meltdowns happen, numerous news stories
launched because they actually hired
somebody who's white to play a white
character. I'm not kidding you. The
meltdown is hilarious. Let's look at
this first. The overall story. Disney is
set to hire white actress to star in the
latest reboot after dumping DEI amid
woke fury. I don't know that I would
call it woke fury. I would just call it
effing around and finding out. I would
call it, you know, having a brown
actress doesn't mean the movie's
automatically better. They lost almost
$200 or $300 million on on Snow White to
learn that Snow White actually is white.
Disney set to hire white actress to star
in its latest reboot after dumping DEI.
Disney is reportedly set to ditch it DEI
focused casting and hire a white actress
for its latest live action reboot as the
company attempts to end its box office
run of Total Bombs. By the way, this was
sent to me in our members Discord,
thequartering.com/join.
Please do go in there. We've got an
awesome Halloween contest going on with
awesome prizes. You could submit your
stories directly to me, talk directly
with me, play video games with me and
other viewers, and it's a lot of fun and
it supports the channel. The studio
suffered a string of flops in recent
years after recasting previously white
characters with actors of color,
including Latina actress Rachel Zgler as
Snow White earlier this year.
Zaggler's outspoken prop Palestine
social media post led to criticism of
Disney, which suffered a $50 million
loss from the movie. The poor box office
showed showing led Disney to shel its
plans entirely to remake Rapunzel,
fearing a woke rebrand of the
blondhaired character could repeat in
his dismal showing. Well, I mean, I
would expect it to do that.
I would I would expect it to do that.
You know what I mean? Like, why would I?
Now, here's the thing. Just by hiring a
white actress, it isn't going to save a
bad movie. That's the thing. So,
unfortunately, what's going to end up
happening is
the movie, if it's not good, isn't going
to do well. If they hire some woke idiot
who just happens to be white and they
something say something politically
divisive, it's not going to do well. So
then Disney is gonna say, "Well, see, we
hired a white person and you guys did
still didn't come to see the movie."
That's the same logic that led to them
hiring,
you know, race swapping other
characters. They think that people only
care about the skin color of the actor
actress when that's just simply not
true. Now, maybe the media cares,
but a good movie is a good movie. Still
one of my all-time favorite Marvel
movies. Probably one of my top 10
all-time favorite movies. And I know
that's kind of crazy to say is Blade.
Now I know that like I don't know if it
aged very well or not. I haven't seen it
in a while. But like I remember seeing
that movie. It was the first DVD I ever
bought. The Blade and Matrix. One of the
first DVDs I ever bought and I used to
watch them endlessly. The soundtrack,
all the oneliners. It was amazing. I
never thought, "Wow, cool. A black
vampire slayer." I just thought, "Wow,
cool. Look at this guy that's totally
badass
um kicking butt. And I think that's kind
of the majority of people. Industry
insider Matt Baloney revealed that
Disney executives told him directly that
the anti-woke shift within the company
is now wellknown. Disney is about to
cast a new Rapunzel in a revised live
action remake of Tangled. He wrote in
his newsletter. I'll bet you the price
of being a long-haired braided wig that
gig uh will go I'll bet you the price of
that long-haired braided wig of the gig
that the gig will go to a white actress
the while he stopped short of naming any
names Scarlett Johansson is being eyed
to uh star as Mother Gothal in the new
movie reports state of righty another
whitey production of the reboot was
paused back in April following Snow
White's dismal box office performance
Disney and Zgler were trashed for
tearing apart the beloved classic. Zgler
was in particular came under fire for
her take that the classic plot for the
1937 such as saying that the prince is
literally stalking
um and the princess said their love
story was weird weird. The actress
casting was not only criticism as fans
took issue with Disney ditching the
seven dwarves characters in favor of a
diverse group of magical creatures of
all heights, gender, and race. The
struggling production followed Disney's
previous roll out of The Little Mermaid
in 2023, which was alo also scathed as
its woke reimagining of the classic,
which also bombed. Black actress Hi
Bailey was cast as Ariel in the main
movie. Everyone knows there's a lot of
black people with red hair, while
Melissa McCarthy was also criticized for
saying that she based her villain Ursula
on drag queens.
The Rapunzel movie remained in limbo
over the summer. Now, Coleman said that
the diversity, equity, and inclusion
department uh was now rebranded as quote
opportunity and inclusion, which was to
empower all through access, opportunity,
and a culture of belonging. Disney is
far from alone in ditching DEI with
Paramount, Warner Brothers, Discovery,
all publicly announcing that they were
ending DEI initiatives. Now, some of the
reaction to this is hilarious. Hilarious
reactions pour in after Disney plans to
cast white actress in reboot and ditches
DEI. Now again, I don't think this is
one thing that's frustrating for me.
Hiring a white actress isn't going to
fix this. It still has to be a good
movie. It still has to have family
values. It still can't have like two
women being a a father and a quote or a
quote unquote father and mother. It
still kind of So if they have a white
actress and they still have all this
anti-f family woke nonsense, the movie
should still tank.
This says at least Tarzan will always be
white because Disney doesn't have the
balls to put a black man on screen
acting like a monkey. Snow White
actually lost $115 million and it was
blamed exclusively on Rachel Zgler and
her divisive propaline and anti-f family
takes. You see this? In my personal
opinion, Disney did it better with job
diversity when they weren't even trying.
You have Princess Jasmine and I don't
know who these other characters are
because I was probably too old to be
watching Disney movies at this point.
Um, there was a win or lose which made
the headlines for wanting to highlight
Oh, then there was win or lose which
wanted to highlight a trans perspective.
Negative feedback resulted in the
producers delaying the series release
then cutting the entire dialogue.
According to 2024 NBC report, Bob Iger
claimed the move was in the interest and
removing any messaging that could be
construed as political. While Bologna
includes Bellan, sorry, that the
production to make his case, its ratings
tell a different story on Rotten
Tomatoes where it has a 91%
rating. Disney's new politics come after
they allow Jimmy Kimmel to come back.
But we they've seen they allowed Jimmy
Kimmel to come back, but then they also
saw how disastrous his ratings were when
he came back.
They saw that it didn't really,
you know, he was back, but people still
didn't want his woke nonsense, his, you
know, his anti-Trump derangement
syndrome. Here's some of the comments.
The internet says Pocahana should be
played by a white actress. Honestly, I
wouldn't complain if they just cast
Mandy Moore and Zach Levi and did just a
bit of digital deaging on both to make
them look a bit younger. Imagine losing
millions just to learn Snow White was in
fact white. It'd be nice for Disney to
actually learn their lesson. They
wouldn't have to raise prices on
everything if they did. We'd be happy to
spend our money with them. I don't mind
if they want to switch it up, but then
Pocahana should be played by a white
actress. Nobody wants live action
anything from Disney. Tangled is a great
American film and they will ruin it
somehow. Why can't they find a new idea?
Well, it's because they don't have to
pay for a new they don't have to pay for
a lot of the new properties. They get to
resell all their old merch sitting in
warehouses. There's all sorts of reasons
why they do these remakes. You know,
they're out of ideas. They're somewhat
safe. All this kind of stuff. But, you
know, I haven't thought that anybody's
wanted live action remakes ever, but
somehow The Lion King made a bunch of
money. I feel like the Aladdin remake
did okay. Now, obviously, the Snow White
one, Snow White one tanked and the the
other one before that, I believe, also
tanked. I imagine a Tangled remake won't
do good either. Somebody says the love
interest won't be white. Mark my words.
Well, yeah, that's probably true. They
lost more than 300 million just in gross
profit. You also have to think about the
damage to the brand. Don't breathe a
sigh of relief. Just a script. They can
ruin her character. Just saying. Wait
till you find out the love interest is
going to be Pedro Pascal. You know,
shock horror. Hiring a white person. Is
Disney feeling okay? Has someone shocked
their checked their temperature?
The movie is Rapunzel. Rapunzel is a
German fairy tale character. This is the
right decision. Yeah, but you could have
said the same thing about Snow White,
whose skin was white as snow, except in
the movie, it was like that snow that's
hanging around in February that's all
dark and gross and dirty from all the
salt and road dirt.
I love how people treat fictional
characters, like historical figures. So
again, when they race swap a character
from white to anything else, the left
celebrates it. when they race keep a
character white, the left says, "Well,
nobody actually cares. That's crazy."
Blah blah blah blah blah. Well, people
do care. And there's a reason why Disney
doesn't race swap characters from, say,
black to any other skin color. There's a
big reason for that, and that's because
people do care. And the wool crowd would
be
absolutely melting down and exposing
themselves as hypocrites because they'll
say, "Well, it doesn't matter. They
aren't historical figures." But if they
take a black character that's not a
historical figure and make them white,
they'd have to they'd melt down about it
and thus destroy their entire argument.
Another big budget Disney movie flops at
the box box office after politicized
promo promo.
We had Tron, which has Jared Leo ever
been in a movie that's made money? Like
I'm excuse me I'm seriously asking
all the movies I think like MorbiiUs
when he played Joker Tron. I'm not
saying he's a good or bad actor or good
or bad person but has he ever been in a
movie like JLo I think JLo's never been
in a movie that's actually profited.
Tron is going to lose money. Lightyear
because it had the two moms thing lost a
hundred million. Tron, they had Jeff
Bridges come out and calls for ICE to be
quote off our streets during his Jimmy
Kimmel appearance. Your job is to go
there and promote the movie you're in,
but instead you go there and say ice
bat.
You know, given the film's gigantic
budget and the additional cost of
marketing, the production cost went past
300 million. The general rule of thumb
for Hollywood is a film needs to gross
two times the budget to even break even.
What did what did it budget open to? 35
million. An unmititigated disaster.
This is $180 million budget. 360 million
just to break even. Which means you need
to make 700 in the box office because
they only keep 50 cents on the dollar.
I guarantee you we're going to see a new
world where actors and actresses are
chosen by their ability to not tank a
movie's complete ch entire chances of
ever celebrating by going on late night.
Congratulations, Jeff Bridges. I'll
always remember you for the dude, but
you tanked Tron. And Disney is clearly
going the other way by saying, "Hey,
yeah, we pushed our agenda, but we kind
of need to make money, too." So, we'll
have to see how this works out. I hope
you enjoyed this video. If you did, make
sure to leave a like on it. If you
haven't yet, please subscribe or follow
down below. And we'll talk to you again
real soon.