Cars used to be called freedom machines
because once you had your own car, you
were free. Free to travel, work, play,
go on road trips, and show off to that
girl you never had the guts to ask out
on a date.
Or was that just me? Moving on. Fast
forward to 2025 and our roads are not
free, literally or figuratively, with
tolls and fines and fees and charges
lurking around every single bend in the
road, including now fines of up to
$3,300.
And now in October 2025, hey, AI enabled
traffic cameras are being switched on
all over the country, designed
specifically to be able to catch you out
for multiple different offenses at once.
Ohoo. These new cameras are a one-way
ticket to pound town. Sorry, impound
impound town. They're so similar. It's
all in the name of safety, of course.
And I've covered before how a zero road
toll is a deliberately impossible target
that would actually cost lives if we
were to try and achieve it. For those
who missed that episode of the TOEFL
project, it is number 105. And in a
nutshell, I make the point that nothing
is for free. Everything is a trade-off,
even the road toll. And if we try to
stop anyone from ever dying on our
roads, we would end up killing lots of
other people in other ways, primarily
through the reduction in wealth and
quality of life that would come as a
result of the extreme measures needed to
have a zero road toll. For a long time,
the government have liked to claim that
all these speed limit reductions, backed
by a hoorde of cameras for speed and red
lights and now seat belts and mobile
phone detection. They claimed that all
of that was working because for a long
time the road toll was falling. But
since 2021, that's changed. The road
toll has increased more than 22% in just
4 years despite having more cameras now
AI enabled because you know AI enabled
law enforcement doesn't sound like the
plot to a B-grade movie where everybody
dies in the end. Oh wait, yes it does.
Since 2023, thanks to new ANCAP laws,
our cars ding and dong at us
relentlessly if we look to the side or
get close to the line, or our speedo
shows 1 km an hour over the speed posted
limit, even though the speedo might
legally be out by as much as 5 km hour.
Today's cars and today's road rules
expect humans to behave like robots.
Forget freedom machine. A road trip
today is a journey through a digital
prison system that demands perfection
and punishes you for being human. Heaven
forbid you actually enjoy yourself on an
open country road and exceed the posted
speed limit by 3 km an hour in Victoria.
Heaven forbid that you check the
navigation on your phone while you are
stopped at a traffic light. Heaven
forbid your passenger lowers their seat
belt under their arm to take off their
sweater. You are the reason why so many
people are dying on our roads. except
that you're not because there's two key
demographics contributing to the rise in
the road toll and neither you nor I are
in that demographic. But the fact that
the road toll is rising, whether it's
your fault or not, will most definitely
be weaponized against you by
bureaucrats, lobbyists, and politicians
who are gleefully building entire
careers on the dead bodies of the road
toll and the vain promise that they can
fix it. My name's Topher Field. This is
the TOEFL project and I help busy people
like you to keep up with the world as it
changes around us. I am 100% viewer
supported. So if you appreciate what I
do, then please buy me a coffee via the
button at tofield.net and check out my
books, DVDs, and merch at good
peoplereakbadlaws.com.
Okay, so who are the two key
demographics responsible for the 22%
increase in the road toll in the last
four years? Well, pedestrians and people
who completely disregard all laws. And
guess what? Seat belt cameras and AI
powered doomsday devices and all the
beeps and boops and dings and dongs in
the world aren't going to make a lick of
difference to either of those
categories. Let's start with
pedestrians. Pedestrian fatalities are
tragic, but their number one cause is
pedestrians, not drivers. The number one
factor in a pedestrian fatality is the
pedestrian stepping in the way of a
moving vehicle. That's not to say that
it's always the pedestrian's fault.
Sometimes car drivers are reckless, and
sometimes cars or trucks fail to stop at
traffic lights or at crossings with
tragic results. But AI cameras and beeps
and boops and dings and dongs fix
precisely none of those problems.
Also, some of these pedestrians that are
now in the statistics, they were killed
by e- scooters or in other incidents
that didn't even involve licensed car
drivers, but they go into the road toll
statistics that are then used to berate
motorists and justify crackdowns. more
cameras, double the merit points, and
increased fines. I was talking about
this with a mate of mine some years ago,
and he got very cross with me because I
dared to suggest that pedestrian deaths
were often the pedestrian's fault. He
told me that a friend of his had been
hit and injured by a tram. As if that
information was going to embarrass me or
cause me to change my position. I simply
pointed out that tram big tram loud tram
bright colors with big lights tram run
on tracks so you know exactly where it's
going to go. If his mate got hit by a
tram, then there's no amount of road
safety cameras and fines and warnings
and cameras and crackdowns and beeps and
boops that are going to save his stupid
ass. And no, I'm not being flippant
about pedestrian deaths. Of course,
every single one is a tragedy for their
loved ones and for their families. But
to use those deaths as the justification
for road safety campaigns, which won't
make a lick of difference to pedestrian
safety, well, that is manipulative and
disrespectful to the dead. Now, the
other major category of road fatalities
right now that is increasing are people
who are not going to obey the rules no
matter how many cameras there are. Just
last week, a teenager was killed not far
from me when a stolen car that she was
passenger deliberately went onto the
wrong side of the freeway with
predictable results. And that's a story
we see over and over again in states all
over Australia. Young people stealing
cars and driving with complete disregard
for their own or anyone else's safety
with confidence that far exceeds skill
and often with fatal results. These
deaths are a significant driver of the
increased road toll over the last few
years. And that road toll is now being
used by states around Australia as a
justification for more cameras, bigger
fines, more road safety tech, and all
the rest of it. But no amount of cameras
are going to change the behavior of
these idiots. These road deaths won't be
fixed without bail reform and real
consequences for underage offenders.
That's how you fix that. justice system
reform.
But the truth, well, that's not going to
stop our state premers and all the
relevant bureaucrats from manipulatively
using these figures to berate average,
generally law-abiding motorists who
might occasionally like to have a bit of
fun on the open road, or might just
focus on the road instead of on their
speedo for a fraction too long. The fact
is that a lot of fines are issued for
actions that are not actually dangerous
in that particular instance. And yeah,
don't come at me with nonsense about how
every kilometer perh counts or
distracted drivers die because it is
always and every time about the
specifics of that particular offense,
so-called. For example, picking up your
phone once you're stationary at a set of
lights kills precisely zero people per
year, but is punishable with the same
fine as if you did it while you were
flying along at 100 km an hour. And
yeah, sure, crashing at a higher speed
is worse than crashing at a lower speed.
That's true. But the fact is my family
sedan can stop from 120 km an hour way
faster than a loaded minivan can stop
from 100 km an hour and it'll do it in
less distance as well. So if it's all
about stopping, then how come the speed
limit applies the same to their vehicle
as well as mine? Because it's not in the
end about safety, it's about two things:
revenue and making it easy for the
police to enforce and raise revenue. For
decades now, states around Australia
have budgeted their fine revenue into
their budgets. If a state like Victoria
is scrambling so hard to fix their
budget that they're looking at doubling
the parking rates, and they are, then
you'd better believe that they're also
looking at their road fine revenue and
wondering if they can double that, too.
So, it's no surprise whatsoever that
they're using the rising road toll as an
excuse for more of what's not working,
more of what won't save pedestrians or
teenagers in stolen cars. But they are
continuing to target, punish, and
monetize the people who aren't actually
the problem, the ones who aren't
actually causing the increase in the
road toll because that is easier than
dealing with the people who are.
So be on the lookout because broke
governments have turned to advanced
technologies such as these new AI
cameras that have been rolled out
Australiawide so that they can fleece
money out of the people who aren't the
problem while they continue to do
nothing about the people that are. My
name's Topherfield. This is the TOEFL
project and I usually try to offer some
sort of practical solution or something
that people can actually do to make a
situation better. But in this case,
there's not much we can do until our
fellow Australians join us in finally
being sick of being treated like
children, and they start voting for
people who will wind this madness back
instead of adding to it. Sadly, I don't
see that happening in the next few
elections. So, congratulations
everybody. I guess this is Australia
now. Something that might help would be
to share this video and start
conversations with people that you know
and say, "Hey, it doesn't actually have
to be this way. I am 100% viewer
supported here at the TOEFL project. So
if you appreciate what I'm doing, then
please buy me a coffee via the button at
tofield.net. And if you like my
nononsense videos, then you'll love my
nononsense books, DVDs, and merch
available at goodpeoplereakbadlaws.com.
Thanks for watching to the end. Please
like, comment, subscribe, and as always,
think free.