When I come to the golf course, I'm
always trying to play around level par.
I'm going to show you how I do that by
using reframes and using strategy on the
golf course. We get to the first te, we
haven't had a warm-up, no driving range.
We got to the course late. Instead of
seeing it as a dreaded opening shot, I
hope I don't top this. I hope I don't
shank this. Let's just pick the club
that we are most confidential in to get
the ball in play and at least get that
heart rate down and get away from the
clubhouse so that we can just get on
with the game. getting more comfy as we
go. On the first hole, when we're not
quite warmed up, we can sometimes get a
little greedy and play to a number that
we think we're going to hit. Hey, this
is the second shot of the day. I haven't
hit any balls. The pins at 140, it's too
easy to pull a pitching wedge and then
end up short. So, I'm hitting the nine
iron, playing for the distance that's
going to come out. And that's how we
reframe it. It's not how far can I hit
the ball, it's how far do I hit the
ball. Trust the brain body connection to
execute correct speed and correct line.
Just that simple thing. Trust it. Trust
your brain and body. When I putt and I
want the speed, I just look at where I
want the ball to go and feel the rhythm,
feel the amount of swing needed to get
the ball there. And my brain is creating
a picture that's telling my body what to
do. Then the moment comes where you have
to take that leap of faith and bridge
that gap. Trust it. Trust the brain body
connection. Trust it.
>> And that speed control is absolutely
freaking money. It's not about the
fairway. Some people get very obsessed
with fairway. It doesn't matter where
you are as long as the ball is in play
and you have a clear second shot. For
example, on this hole, we got Oscar
Bravo right, water left, water short,
and a boonia and trees. If I hyperfocus
on that fairway, it's quite narrow where
I'm going to land the ball. But if I
open my mind to keeping it in that
fairway bunker, it's still in play. I
still have a clear second shot. I don't
want the trees. I don't want Oscar
bravo. And I don't want water on the
left.
Now, that might be in the bunker, but
I've opened my mind to that bunker being
in play, and I'm happy with that shot.
One bad mistake can eliminate five good
shots. So, I always try to avoid playing
the dumbass shot. Okay, the dumbass shot
here would be to hit something that
can't clear this lip, keep it in the
fairway bunker, and probably up on the
slope there as it just trickles down.
Now, you got a more difficult shot for
your third. always like to increase the
upside and decrease the downside of what
can happen on the course.
>> We didn't quite pull off what I thought
we I thought it was chipping. It's gone
in the bunker. Hey, before I'd get so
mad and angry. Oh my gosh, I can't
believe it. Here comes a six. Oh, some
girls get all the luck. Instead of here
comes a five, here comes a seven. Here
comes a six. The next shot could be the
best shot of your life. You've hit this
shot before. You can do it again. Now,
I've got to get this onto a down slope
from the left. Roll to the hole. Come
on, Maddie.
Oh, that's money. Oh, that's money.
Hey, that's why they call me the real
Mr. Short Game.
We're playing like what? Once, twice a
week, maybe twice a month. We ain't
going to stripe it like a tour pro. He
may be once around. So the rest of the
time we got to get around the golf
course with what we got. That's how you
reframe your entire game. I'm just going
to play with what I got today. They say
dance with the gruntter you brought.
Don't perve over the prom queen that you
wish you were there with. Cuz it's never
always going to be perfect. You always
have to adapt. And that adaptability and
expectation of bad stuff and a solution
is really the secret.
I used to play whack golf where you
just go and hit as hard as you can off
the tea and then as hard as you can on
approach, never thinking about control
or position or anything that's actually
important. Right? Everything I was doing
was absolutely stupid. Now here I got
286. Now 286 I might be thinking, "Well,
brother, I'm going to hit that
three-wood right up there. I can't hit a
three with 286. The max it's going to go
is going to be like 260. So, I should be
20 something yards short of this green.
But when I look at the green, it's
elevated and the pin is behind a bunker.
Do I want a partial shot over a bunker
where I'm not quite sure what angle I'm
going to get in? Not really. So, I start
to think and reframe it. Where do I want
to hit the freaking ball from? Right?
What's my free throw distance? What's my
stress-free shot? So from 286, if I
ground and pound one out there, like a
coffee date to like a 100 yards, I have
a sand wedge or 52° into the green. Nice
high ball flight over that bunker. Easy
clearing. Stops quickly on the green.
Lots of control.
[Music]
>> Oh man, that's a flyer. I might only
have about 90 yards in there. I love a
Vista get range find. Okay, this is
absolutely money. This is a golf here.
Slope function, meters and yards. It has
a magnet on the side so you can stick it
to your golf cart. USBC type charging
150 bucks or less. Absolutely man. And
included in this model is the try
measurement mode. So you shoot from your
cart to the ball and then you shoot from
your cart to the pin. The rangefinder
figures out the distance from your ball
to the pin. So you can walk 50 yards
from the cart to your ball knowing the
distance instead of going there, taking
it with you, forgetting it in the
fairway and then headache four holes
having to drive back to fetch your
rangefinder. This takes care of that.
Vista get check the link in the
description. Absolutely money under 150
bucks. You know, if you're playing off a
handicap of 10 or more, you're expected
to make more bogeies than par. So bogey
actually is a mighty fine score. Par is
an excellent score. And very often, this
is where that reframe of bogey is great
comes in because if you play for the
bogey, what you're going to find, if
you're especially if you're a double-
digit handicapper, you're going to start
making more pars by playing for the
bogey. That's the ironic part. When I
realized that, it reframed the entire
way I saw the game.
Well, it was a complete misread, but
great
>> cats. You misread that. That's not
straight. Okay,
>> that's not straight. Okay,
>> the thing we have to know. Okay,
>> we need birdies.
>> Because in this life,
>> it says in the good book,
>> no birdie,
>> no tip. Yeah,
>> you know already.
>> Yeah,
>> I know.
>> I know.
>> When we go pin hunting, that's where we
cause big problems. On this hole is a
perfect example of that. The pins cut
over a huge ass bunker. It's very
shortsidered on the right hand side.
Now, short side is where you have a very
long carrier to a cut, a pin cut very
close to the edge. So, you have no way
of stopping it close to the hole. So,
what we have to do is broaden how our
horizons here a little bit and go toward
the fat side. We don't want to get
shortsided. We want to be fats, okay?
Like on a coffee date, you know, not
always, but sometimes you have no
choice, right? You know, you got to fish
for the bass before you catch the
salmon. Do you know what I mean? We
reframe it. No pin hunting. The middle
of the green never moves. We want to be
fats. We want to avoid the short side.
Very, very simple.
We want to on the high side, right? When
you go on the high side and you miss
your line by a certain amount, let's say
you miss your line by a foot high. Half
of that is what it's going to finish
from the cup. So, if we go a foot high
here left to right, it will finish 6 in
from the cup on the high side. If we go
a foot low on our line, we will finish
three or 4 feet away from the hole on
the low side. So, it's always going
high. Going high is what gets the hose
to cry. And that's what we like.
Just as he says that, he puts it on the
low side.
bunker. When I used to get out of
position, I used to get so angry, right?
Cuz I see this hole as a clear
opportunity. If I just hit my normal
drive, got it to like 180 to the hole
down the breeze. I mean, come on. I'm
giving away shots here, right? But that
only leads you to try to chase shots and
chase your score on the next hole by
taking hyperaggressive shots. And that
gets you very very quickly into the
quicksand because chasing your losses is
like going in quicksand. The harder you
struggle, the more you get pulled in.
The best thing we can do is disengage
and go stress free.
Yep. Perfecto.
We got 105 yards remaining here, big
dog. And one of the reframes that I had
to create out of my frustration with
thinking I had to stiff every wedge is
start to realize, man, even the pros
don't get to stiff it to 8 ft all day.
Right? If a if a pro has a 5% dispersion
on their clubs, so 5% of the the
distance of the shot, that means from
100 yards, they'll be 5 yards from the
pin on average. That's a 15footer,
right? So 15 ft. When I hit it 15 ft
right and I'm like, "Oh, I pushed it."
That's a pretty good shot, right? It's a
pretty good shot.
>> Okay, just on the back. A big reframe
for me came on the short game. I used to
be like a sand wedge player around the
green all the time and then I reframed
it completely with the help of my
countryman Gary Player from Lithuania.
Go high, you're going to cry. Stay low.
Get the dirty hose. So, we take a seven
iron here to chip this. Instead of a
56°, I just pick a spot very close to me
on the green and get the ball rolling.
Keeping it low, getting the dirty hose
from the left like you do on a coffee
date, you know, with the nose rings and
the pink hair from the left.
And that's basically it.
>> The drive is putting me in bad
positions. I can either live in
nostalgia about my drive and get angry
that I'm not hitting the normal drive,
but it doesn't help me because what I
have in front of me is the puzzle. And
when I reframe golf as a puzzle that
constantly needs solving, right? You
solve one problem of the T-shot, it's in
play. It doesn't matter whether it's
there, whether it's green side, whether
it's in the rough, deep rough, doesn't
matter. It's equally the same problem.
you have to solve that problem. Some
problems you have solutions for, so
they're easy problems. Some you don't
have solutions for, so they appear more
difficult till you find the solution.
And I caught it pretty clean out there.
Don't think it's going to get very far,
but now it's on the front left, leaving
me a putt up the green. You know, I've
seen some talk online about your putts
finishing within 10% of the distance of
your original putt. So, if I have a
freaking 55 footer here, if I get this
inside 6 ft, that's a good putt
according to tour average man. Brothers,
brothers and sisters, we are trying to
get the ball in the cup and at worst
have a tapinsky. What are we talking
about? I never reframed my brain to say
a 10% leave from anywhere on the green
is good because it makes absolutely no
sense. If you give yourself the
intention of a 10% leave, you're going
to hit even worse. So, when your
intention is holding the the putt or
getting it as close to the hole as you
can, that 10% that they talk about, yes,
while you can accept it because the pros
do it, hey, it's not your goal. And
secondly, these are Stimp 9.5 to 10
maximum. They're playing on stmp 13
greens. When you go play st 13 greens,
then we can talk about 10%. You're
playing stmp eight or seven or nine. 10%
is not good enough.
>> See what the hell are you talking about?
10%. It's a foot. One foot out of 55 ft.
What is that? It's like 2%. That's what
I'm talking about.
>> That's what I like to call hitting it a
little bit ompic. It's when you bang a
thin one in there and stick it to a
mother freaking foot. Bye
>> nice buddy.
Is he
d
Oh, today you got me. Today you got me.
Yesterday 8, today eight.
>> Yeah.
>> You know what they say?
>> Why was six Why was six afraid of seven?
>> Oh, seven. Go 7 8 9
>> 7 8 9 8
7 8 9 What teams.
[Music]
All right.
[Music]
One of the big realization I have that
people will, you know, be a bit
perturbed by is that distance is not
everything. Position is everything. So,
when you're standing, and this is a very
key part of distance is not everything.
You're standing on the tea trying to
smash a ball far because everyone says
hit as far as possible every time,
right? But what's missing there and the
reframe is you have to hit as long as
you can possibly hit in play with
natural distance. Because what a lot of
people do is try and smash the ball so
hard because they've been told to hit it
as long as possible. That's the
disconnect.
Absolutely money, huh? Money, money,
money.
>> Thank you very much. Thank you. That's a
lovely nine holes. Lovely. Thank you. So
nice of you to be here.
>> Shall we play nine more?
>> Yes.
>> Okay. There's a word I thought of that
reframed the entire way I saw the
distances that we hit the ball in the
summer of '06 for one occasion where we
hit a 7 iron 190 yard. Now, we play that
number. This is a nostalgia distance. We
don't play nostalgia golf. We play what
can we do in this moment and how far do
we hit the golf ball?
Come on. Yeah. On the green.
>> And then that's really the best we can
hope
>> in the night.
>> Thank you very much.
>> You're welcome.
>> B O G E Y.
>> B O G T
>> cuz I got it.
I was playing a social practice round
and we were just hitting balls and
taking mulligans. And then one hole I
hit a bad shot and I decided to hit a
mulligan and just go pick up my other
ball and I decided no, this time I'm
going to play both balls. And what I
found is even hitting it into a penalty
hazard, even hitting into a bad
position, I can still make the same
score as what I did from the mulligan
ball. And if you do this experiment with
yourself and you go out and you when you
hit a bad shot, you feel like, "Oh, I
could have done better." Hit the extra
shot and then compare both scores with
both those balls to see what is the
actual difference. I bet you it's either
zero or one shot maximum
>> on long par fours and par fives. Can I
get the ball inside 30 yards of the hole
without a chance of penalty? If I can do
that, I've got to go for it. Otherwise,
I'm going to hang back to my first wedge
distance.
I mean, it's a tough shot off the down
slope, so I'm perfectly happy with that.
in the
>> in her van. Let's say you're playing a
450 yard par4. Just change the par. It's
a par five now. Okay. If you're trying
to play a 450 yard par4 as a par 4, you
you have to hit it 280 170. So if you
can't do it, just reframe it as a par
five.
Hey, you know what? There's a great
reframe you can use on your short game,
chipping, pitching shots, even your
sandwich and things. Get it on the
green. Guate in Italian word gio tg
meaning get it on the green. That can
sound so simplified and simplistic and
it is for a reason cuz it helps you to
get your brain to get the ball on the
green priority number one. Once you can
get the ball on the green
confidentially, then we can start
thinking about getting close and it
slowly gets closer.
No, you didn't hit the ball hard enough,
Maddie. You dropped it, boys.
What the hell?
It's the water.
>> Now, easy reframe for par threes. Just
avoid the water. It's so simple and
people forget it. I know you mother
lovers at home, I know what you're
doing. You're trying to go for the hole
in one. You're trying to get that
perfect number. Hey, we all are, right?
But when you got wind, for example, like
this into me today, you got a big ass
water hazard covering the front 50% of
the green or maybe the front 100%. We
have to avoid that water because water
gives us doubles. So, if we avoid the
double, we bring the score down. So, by
aiming away from the water or hitting
enough club to not go in the water at
all, even with a mediocre strike, we
give ourselves a great chance. So, I'm
going to hit from 144, normally a
pitching wedge down here. I'm hitting a
seven iron to ensure I get over.
>> Perfect. Perfect. It's not in the damn
water.
>> Not in the mother loving water. You know
what I'm saying?
Whatever.
[Music]
[Music]
gun. The big reframe is to just accept
that a short path four is a tricky hole
and a four on that hole is money.
Doesn't mean we're going to drive it.
Doesn't mean we're going to just go make
birdies cuz it's short. They're very
tricky and they catch a lot of people
out. So on a hole like this, it may
appear like we can just go straight to
the green, but that's a high risk shot,
especially if you're not sure. So we
have to shift our focus and reframe how
we see the hole and think, okay, let's
hit it into the fat part of the fairway.
Hey, if we get out of here with the par,
we've done a pretty good job. Give
ourselves a great opportunity at the par
and a birdie might come.
[Music]
Yep. That's going to be good enough for
me. Good enough for government work.
[Applause]
[Music]
We're at 160 yards here. We're going to
hit the niner because I think this is
going to be a flyer lie and we are down
breeze. So fly a lie down breeze 160 is
going to be a perfect number. Pins at
the back so it should land and release
because of the lower spin in the flyer
lie. So I think that's absolutely money.
Let's plan for the good shot and then
also plan for the alternative that could
come out the bad shot. What's the bad
shot that could come out of here? A
little fluffy. a little fat and then
leaving it short. So, if I pick a good
line to the left, like where the pin is
and left of it, I'm going to leave
myself a easy pitch up the green. But if
I go dead at the pin and, you know, I
catch a fluffy one and push it out
right, I mean that little boon. So, I
really have to, you know, plan for the
good shot and then also anticipate the
bad shot. So, negate that from
happening. That's what I mean. Increase
the upside of a good shot and decrease
the downside of a bad shot.
[Music]
Good on. Good on.
>> Pretty much how we drew it up, baby.
Okay, come on now. Let's make a birdie.
This is the black finch putter from
Water Player Golf. I've just made this
all black. Absolutely money.
>> Oh, in the horn in.
Very,
very good shot.
>> 120 yards remain. And a big shift I made
was not pounding wedges. I like to hit
wedges smooth. As soon as I hit them
hard, I get steep. I get deep. And then
I take that to the rest of my game.
Wedges are finesse clubs, not power
clubs. No one cares that you can hit
your sand wedge 120 yards. Only a
dingleberry will brag about that. If you
can hit your sand wedge 90 yards
exactly, 85 yards exactly every single
time, you beat the guy who's hitting it
120, 115, 105, 120, 95. Believe that.
Believe that. Smooth swings control
distance. Cuz distance control is really
the key to the entire golf game.
player and gangbanger. If you read some
Bob Rotella books, especially golf is
not a game of perfect. It really helps
to refresh your mind, reprogram and
deprogram. You know, you're not supposed
to be hitting perfect shots every time.
It's not going to happen, right? All we
can do is hit a great neck shot. And I
think if I can just feel how hard to hit
this putt, get it enough left to right,
I'm going to be money.
>> A great reframe that I like is lying
zero. So if you play off a 18 handicap
or above and you're trying to break 90,
your T-shot is essentially zero. You
actually start the hole from your next
shot. Now imagine because you have an
extra shot per hole. Imagine where would
you like to start the hole from? I mean,
would you like to start it at the
beginning of the fairway there or or
maybe just to the right or maybe at the
250 yard mark? It doesn't matter. What's
going to get you to that starting
position? Sometimes it's a very short
club, very easy to hit club. Just get
you in play. Get the the tea jitters off
your back.
[Applause]
What if Matt was one of us? Just a slob
like one of us. 243 to the top of the
dog leg. So, I want to get this. Look,
it was a crapshot and happens. And this
is exactly what I'm saying. We're going
to play two balls to show you hit a crap
one. You want to take a mulligan. Don't
do it. Let's just prove to ourselves
that we can score a good score. Even
with a shy of a drive like this. So 247
to the top of the dog leg. You can only
do what you can do. If you can get a
ball out here 160, you're still going to
get up to the 200 yard mark. You accept
the bogey. You get it to the next
position. Chip and putt. Bogey time.
Okay? Not saying hit a four iron like an
absolute beast like me. But one day you
could graduate to become a beasty guy
like me. I'm gonna hit the three-wood
actually because I think it's going to
get nicely through this grass. It's
sitting pretty decent. I don't want to
dig my four iron in. So I'm going to
ground and pound it right up to the top
of the the dog leg there. That's going
to be money.
[Music]
Really, really good shot.
>> Well, Chim, you know what I would say
about that shot? I would say it's at
least top 4%. Top 4%.
Kev, you know what? Can we clear this in
front of us? I can only clear this with
a sixiron. So, I'm going to hit a
sixiron short of the green. Chip it up
the green. I can't take on the four iron
or the 3-wood or anything lower loft
than a six cuz I will collide with a
tree in front of me. Then we are in
serious serious trouble. So, I know my
trajectory and I know my distance. Hey,
easy life. Six iron.
What the hell is that, Maddie?
>> Stay short. You know, the funny thing is
you'll notice that you'll probably score
similar or maybe be one shot different.
It's not a disaster. It's very often not
like a a triple or a quadruple that
comes out that you anticipate. You know,
it's part of that anticipating the
negative outcome before it happens
already. then you actually play into it.
So once you actually accept shots like
shitty T- shots and then rec you can
recover from them gives you a lot of
confidentiality to go into the future
playing with confidentiality even in
shitty situations instead of getting
scared of them and avoiding them by
using mulligans. This actually a very
important secret if you want to get good
at golf is to actually be better and
more confidential from tricky situations
because if you avoid them you never get
good at them. When you get good at them,
you build confidentiality and skills
that make you a better golfer.
[Music]
>> Yeah, perfect shot. If I hit the niner
and I catch a flyer, that that pin is at
the top of the dome or maybe over the
other side of the dome at 150, it just
shoots off the back cuz it's sloped
away. So, I'm very happy to be a little
short of the pin here after that T-shot.
I'll take that every day of the week.
Now I've given myself the dreaded shot.
The thing you never want to do on a par
five is a bunker shot outside of 30 yard
range. Anything from 30 all the way back
to 150 from a bunker. Oh. So that was
the good T-shot. The bad T-shots on the
green. Now I need to have a very special
shot playing off a down slope ball above
my feet to get this on the green
carrying all this bunker. So the thing
we have to reframe remember gear to get
it on the green. So I'm going to focus
on getting a nice full swing. Focus on
the fundamental of it. Little left of
the pin. Come on Maddie. Get on a green.
>> Very nice. Very nice.
>> Very very good. Very good. We give
oursel a birdie putt. Look, it may not
always be a birdie putt. It could be
here for a par putt, but a par putt plus
a bogey putt is a bogey, right? Instead
of this double or triple you're already
foreseeing and then playing into the
hands of, right? If you can just get out
of that that mindset, you can reprogram
and reframe yourself like you always
have a chance. One good shot like that
to the top of the dog leg can really
write the ship for you and you can get
back into stress-free zone. Now, this
has to move right to left. So, we've got
our big right to left sweeper, and now
we just have to get the feeling for the
flavor of the cool breeze.
Oh man, I didn't even know it's going to
come back from the left at the end.
That's a pretty good putt and a
fantastic par after we thought we were
completely screwed. So, we finished with
a par on the crap ball and we've got a
great putt at a birdie here. Was a
fantastic bunker shot. I mean, I may be
in the top five bunker shot bunker
players of all time. And that's just a
delusion that keeps keeps it real, you
know.
>> What a what a ter I mean, like I could
feel the putter face open cuz I wasn't
sure I'd picked the right line. And in
the end, there's two pars, right? Two
pars. One good shot of the tea, one bad
shot of the tea.
With 130 yards remaining on this final
hole as we come to a close,
>> we have got a we are going to hit a
little punchy niner as we're tired and
that's part of that do what works right.
I feeling a bit tired at the moment.
Need a little pickme up.
bad company.
Look, Kazzy's, if we're going to take
the pin out, no one can see where the
ball's going. Like, no one can see the
hole. You know what I'm saying? Now,
that's a good thing. I walked here. I
see the burn mark. Burn mark on the side
of the cup.
Turn in.
Tong tong
[Music]
players. That's how we see golf. Me and
G up over here.
I hope you see it that way, too. Check
out this video over here
for more info.
[Music]