Do you expect your muscles to grow
bigger and bigger by shoveling high
protein into your body?
But what if eating more protein isn't
just unnecessary, but actually makes it
harder to grow? Today, I'll walk you
through the new research that challenges
everything we thought we knew and reveal
the two things that actually build more
muscle than protein. But how did protein
become known as the most important
nutrient in the first place?
I mean, there was some diets, I'm not
going to lie, ate 140 egg whites a day.
People think it's crazy that I've eaten
200 g of protein for almost 20 straight
years. When you lift weights, you
trigger muscle protein synthesis, a
molecular message to your muscles that
says build. But building muscle is just
like building a brick house. Without
bricks, nothing gets built. Protein is
those bricks. Eat enough of it and
you've got the raw materials to actually
turn that growth signal into new muscle.
But when gym bros learned this, they
didn't just want to build houses. They
wanted mansions. Back in the golden era,
it wasn't uncommon for bodybuilders to
eat over 300 grams of protein per day, a
dozen eggs in one sitting, and pounds of
chicken breast. Fast forward to today,
and you'll still find listers chasing
200 plus g of protein per day, or
following the 1 g per pound of body
weight rule like it's gospel. I know I
did. I used to believe that if I didn't
hit my daily protein target, I was
leaving tons of gains on the table. But
it wasn't just bodybuilders. The food
industry realized that they could cash
in on this obsession. Suddenly, you've
got protein cereal, protein chips,
protein cookies, even Starbucks lattes
with extra protein. Most of it is just
cheap protein sprinkled in. But because
they can slap high protein on the label,
they charge you 20% more, and people
will happily pay for it. But here is
where things get really interesting.
Recently, a group of top protein
researchers were curious about just how
much extra muscle you build by eating
more protein. So, they got together and
they gathered every long-term growth
study they could find, 62 in total,
where participants lifted weights but
ate different amounts of protein. Then
they plotted all those results on a
graph. Protein intake on the bottom,
muscle growth on the side. The results
were not what they were expecting. In
one study, participants ate what most
lifters would call low protein. So 0.45
grams per pound of body weight. For
someone who weighs 180 pounds, that's
just 82 grams of protein a day.
Basically, two chicken breasts. This
mark in the y-axis represents how much
growth they got. Now, what happens if
you take a similar group of lifters, but
you feed them double that? Four chicken
breasts per day. Using gym bro math,
that should mean at least double the
gains, right? Surprisingly, the growth
was pretty much identical. H. But now,
let's really push it. 270 grams per day.
That's six chicken breasts. Well,
despite participants in this study
eating three times more protein, they
actually gained less muscle. But I know
what you're thinking, Jeremy. You can't
just cherrypick studies and call it a
day. And you're right. So, let's widen
the lens a bit. Here are all the studies
in the analysis that looked at moderate
to high protein intakes with just two
outliers removed because it reported way
larger than normal gains. Now, if eating
more protein really has a powerful
effect on growth, you'd expect these
dots to climb up and to the right. The
trend is basically flat. And so, what
that means is the anticipated benefit of
pushing your protein even higher is
very, very small. and and frankly so
small that many researchers aren't even
confident that a benefit exists at all.
That's Dr. Eric Trexler, a published
researcher at Duke University who spent
his career studying muscle growth. If
you're building a house and you have
more bricks than the blueprint calls
for, that doesn't mean you end up with a
bigger house. Basically, you just end up
with a bunch of leftover bricks and
eventually you're going to have to haul
them away from the construction site.
So, when you're building a house, that's
tedious. It's a waste of time. But
graphs are one thing. Let's say you
somehow managed to convince a pro
bodybuilder to not just cut his protein
intake in half, but to stop eating meat,
eggs, and fish, getting all of his
protein only from plant-based sources.
Surely, he would shrivel up and lose all
his gains, right? Well, that's exactly
what pro-natural bodybuilder Alex
Leonitis did 2 and 1/2 years ago. Alex
used to eat 200 g of protein every
single day. Now, he eats as low as 90 g
per day. And all of it comes from
plant-based sources. I've noticed
absolutely nothing. Recovery is exactly
the same. Progressive overload is the
same as it's been for many years. I
would consider myself a an elite natural
lifter. I've been documenting all my
training since 2020. I have SD cards
filled to the max. My gains have not
been affected whatsoever. I've tried up
to 220 g, including being at single
digit body fat. Comparing that to 120,
which is 100 g less, I'm just as strong
as I've ever been. 405 bench at 181.
So, if you're wondering how far a person
can possibly get with a low protein
diet, Alex is living proof that the
answer is pretty damn far.
I just feel like people need to focus
more on their health instead of just one
sole macronutrient, protein. And I'm not
the first person to report this. I don't
know if you if you've looked at Brian
Bournestein and a couple other guys, but
it's a common thing that they're now
dropping their levels to around the zone
that I'm talking about. And that's been
surprising to me, too, because now I'm
I'm saving money and I don't have to
stress about it as much. But now, you're
probably wondering, if protein doesn't
matter as much as we thought, then what
does? Well, let's take a look at a few
clues. In one study, researchers had one
group of people double their protein
intake to about 140 gram a day, while
another group stayed at 70. The catch,
neither group trained. And after 8
weeks, guess what happened? Nothing. No
muscle, no strength, no gains, just more
expensive pee. On the flip side, another
study looked at patients with kidney
issues who were forced into extremely
low protein diets, less than 50 g a day.
Now, you'd expect that would completely
shut down muscle growth. But when half
of them started lifting weights, even on
that tiny amount of protein, their
muscles still got over 20% bigger and
30% stronger. But what about your diet?
What if I told you eating this bowl of
rice could get you the same muscle
growth as eating all this extra protein?
Well, in one experiment, researchers
split lifters into three groups. All of
them followed the same lifting program.
Group A got nothing extra, just their
normal diet. Group B added a 2,000
calorie shake made mostly of carbs, and
group C added a similar 2,000 calorie
shake, but with 82 g of protein mixed
into it. After the 8 weeks, both shake
groups gained significantly more weight
and muscle than the control group who
didn't get extra calories. But here's
the kicker. the carb group experienced
similar gains as the extra protein
group, suggesting it was the extra
calories, not the protein driving the
gains. And we see the same thing in the
opposite direction. In fat loss studies,
people who train hard and eat plenty of
protein can still build muscle if
they're at maintenance calories or in
just a very small deficit. But once that
deficit gets too steep, around 500 to
700 calories per day, most people start
losing muscle even with a high protein
diet.
So you put all these studies together
and the most important drivers of growth
becomes quite obvious. Number one, hard
training. Number two, eating enough
calories to fuel your training and
recovery. And unless you're severely
restricting it, protein actually comes
in for support. And number three, in
fact, there's even some cases where
protein can actually start hurting your
growth rather than helping it. For one,
protein is arguably the most filling
food you can eat, and it also burns the
most calories to digest. If you struggle
to gain weight, this can make it harder
to eat enough to grow. Not to mention
the GI discomfort and flatulence that
can come from higher protein diets.
You're not going to like it and neither
will the people around you. Second, it's
expensive. Let's say your body only
needs about 100 g of protein a day, but
you decide to push it up to 200. That
extra 100 g isn't giving you any
additional muscle. Your body just burns
it for energy. Now, if that extra
protein is coming from chicken, that's
about $5 added to your grocery bill
every single day. But if you replace
those calories with carbs, like
potatoes, you get the same amount of
energy for less than a dollar. That's a
difference of around $120 a month or
nearly $1,500 a year. And third, when
protein takes up too many of your
calories, it pushes out carbs and fats.
Too low fat can mess your hormones,
whereas too low carbs drains your
glycogen, tanking your workout
performance. Now, I'll share exactly how
much protein I'm currently eating and
the ranges I'd recommend at the end of
this video. But just because protein is
overhyped, it doesn't mean it's useless.
There's actually three situations where
protein has major benefits. First,
although you can still build muscle
without very much protein, the analysis
that I showed you earlier, it does
suggest a meaningful bump in gains when
you go from very low protein intakes up
to moderate ones. In fact, Alex
mentioned that once he starts going
below 90 g of protein per day, his
muscle recovery becomes noticeably
slower. This threshold is right around
0.55 g per pound of body weight. So, if
you take the number of grams of protein
you eat in a day and you divide it by
your body weight in pounds and the
number that you get is below 0.55,
you'll almost certainly see more growth
by eating more protein. The second
scenario is when you're dieting. We
often talk about how protein can
backfire because, you know, it has such
a satiating effect. It can reduce
appetite, but that becomes really a big
game changer when we're dieting down,
right? So, being able to attenuate
hunger and increase fullness on a high
protein diet becomes really helpful when
we're trying to lose weight and restrict
calories. Now, if you're over 15% body
fat, you know, you've got plenty of
stored energy, so you don't have to
worry too much about cutting into muscle
as you're losing weight. Um, but once
you start to get below 15% body fat,
protein becomes extra important. We
recently published a meta analysis
specifically on lean dieting people and
found that their protein needs tend to
be a lot higher than we would typically
see in people who are either not dieting
or not quite as lean. And the third
scenario is adherence. Some people just
enjoy eating protein. I'm Filipino and
for me, rice without some kind of
protein on the plate, it just feels
incomplete. And that's also why I still
use protein powder. I even sell my own
brand. And while this video probably
isn't the best marketing for it, I still
use it almost every day. Not because
it's magic, but because it's a quick,
tasty, and versatile way for me to get
30 g of protein in just a single scoop.
But let's get to what you're actually
waiting for. How much protein should you
actually eat? So, for the majority of
lifters, eating 0.55 to 0.63 g per pound
of body weight will already be close to
maximizing your gains. For a 160 pound
person, that would be around 88 to 100
grams of protein per day. And remember,
protein sneaks into your diet in more
ways than just shakes and chicken
breast. Bread, beans, peanut butter. It
all adds up. I even scanned a simple
meal with my app. Just a protein shake
and two slices of peanut butter toast.
And that's already 50 g of protein. So,
hitting your protein target could be as
simple as adding one protein shake to
your day. Now, if you do want a little
extra insurance, you can go slightly
higher to about 0.64 to 0.72 g per
pound. Think of this zone as very likely
maximizing your gains. But if you're
dieting and you're below 15% body fat,
or let's just say you're somebody who
wants the reassurance that you are
definitely maximizing your gains, then
you can bump this up to 0.73 to 1 g per
pound of body weight. As for what I'm
currently doing, I used to sit at well
over 1 gram per pound of body weight per
day because I just thought it was
necessary. These days, I'm actually
closer to 0.73, right at the lower end
of this maximized range, and I noticed
no differences in my gains. If anything,
shifting some of those calories towards
carbs instead has made my training as
well as my digestion feel a whole lot
better. Plus, I used to panic about
protein whenever I'd travel. Now, I know
that even just one protein shake and a
high protein dinner, that's pretty much
covering my bases. So, next time before
you buy those overpriced protein snacks,
maybe buy a calculator to figure out how
much protein you actually need first. Or
you can just use my Built with Science
Plus app. It shows you exactly how much
protein you need and the right workouts
to combine it with. Plus, it adjusts
your plan based on how your body is
actually responding. You can try it for
two weeks completely free by scanning
this QR code or heading to
builtwithscience.com.
But since your training is what really
drives growth, highly recommend you
check out this video next where I break
down the only two exercises you need for
a wider back. Thank you so much for
watching. I'll see you next