Dr. Kilts, is it true that eating more
saturated fat foods like eggs, butter,
red meat, can actually shrink dangerous
belly fat instead of causing it?
First of all, I think belly fat is
evidence of inflammation in your body,
but not the cause. M and interesting
enough, eating fat reduces
inflammation, reduces your appetite,
improves your satiety, and ultimately is
the proper human diet for all humanity.
We've
been
misinformed and fat has been blamed for
disease for too many years now. And I
look back to our human
evolution and ultimately we prized
fat eating fat and we prized the fat on
the butt and the boobs and ultimately
that's reproduction. Yeah. But what
we've done is over the last hundred
years or more and we know through many
um
u fashion
um ideas that being skinny is good but
ultimately in a famine in hibernation
gestation migration you'd be dead
skinny. And
so we all kind of been lied to purposely
or maybe the scientists were a little
just
misdirected. And we know Anel Keys and
many others determined that saturated
fat, which I call animal fat, by the
way, because really there's no fat on a
plant. It's plants make oils in small
amounts, but animals and mammals make
fat. Think about breast milk. It's
mostly fat.
So ultimately, let's get to the cause of
disease. It's a low-fat diet. It's
mostly a lean meat plant-based diet. And
I don't believe being obese causes any
disease. I pretty much don't care what
size you are. Maybe you're so big you
can't move. Well, that's not good. We
know that. But but it'd be very
difficult to get that way if you're
eating fatty meat, bacon, eggs, butter,
beef. Those are basically
fatty
products of
nature. And we are we're here to talk
about ways that people can understand
that making fat in your body is critical
and
important and eating fat is critical
important. Now, those are kind of two
things differently. The standard diet
for humans that we've been taught is
fruit, fiber, vegetables, seeds, nuts,
lean meat, chicken, turkey, fish, and
stay away from red meat because red meat
must be the cause of cancer. Okay? Now,
those all break down to either protein,
amino acids, or sugars, carbohydrates.
There's really little to no fat in
plants and lean
meat. Okay. So when you eat
food, the breakdown of proteins make
amino acids and they go to the paddock
portal system to the
liver. And when you break down complex
carbohydrates, simple carbohydrates,
they break down to simple sugars
essentially, glucose,
fructose, manos. Uh there are many other
sugars by the way but we don't talk
about them. All carbohydrates. All
carbohydrates essentially. When we use
the word carbohydrate I like the word
plants because although there are
carbohydrates in all food you eat
including meat.
That's kind of a little separate aside
to talk about the glycobiome the
glycoalix and it's not the really big
thing that we need to focus on at this
moment but we'll get into that. Yeah.
But but essentially amino acids. simple
sugars go to the paddic portal system
directly to the
liver. Insulin secreted from the
pancreas goes to the liver and in the
liver amino acids and sugars are
converted to
fat because basically if you can't make
fat because you don't eat fat you're
you're fertilizer faster than anyone
else especially if there's a famine or
hibernation and you're not fat enough
and you can't survive life. So it turns
out that fat I don't care if it's
visceral fat, omental fat, if it's uh
purenal fat, if it's subcutaneous fat or
intraosius fat or intramuscular fat, you
know that marbled fat in that animal,
that's intramuscular fat. Those that's
critical for survival. And I don't
believe the fat in or on our body is the
cause of disease.
I think plant sugars and protein because
they damage the liver in excess
amounts. Now, interesting. So, we've
been taught to eat plenty of fruits,
fiber, vegetables, seeds, nuts, lean
meat, three to six meals a day. Yes. And
then
exercise
daily in order to lose the
weight. Well, what if you just didn't
eat as much? Now, that's a very
difficult thing
because not eating is not easy to do.
It's kind of like not breathing, right?
Let's let's hold our breath for five
minutes. How easy is that? You can't do
it, right? You're going to you're going
to you're going to suddenly breathe,
right? Eating food is instinctual and
natural. Your body's not going to let
you go long without it. You know, you
can go maybe three minutes without air.
They say three days without water and
three weeks without food. But it's
probably longer than that in water and
food, by the way. I agree. It is way
longer than that. But, you know, that's
just a generalization.
But the the idea here is that we in the
modern world, let's say the modern world
might be 2 to 10,000 years old. By the
way, this isn't new stuff, but it's
heavily marketed because instead of
selling cigarettes, we're now selling
food because the tobacco company moved
from selling tobacco to moving to
selling food because they control the
food
system. And if you think about
it, finding food is not easy in a
natural environment. And so we hunted
and gathered for the first three and a
half million years. We likely hunted
cows, not kale. This is true. The last I
looked at it. Right. I agree. A and
and when was the last time you walked
out to your yard or down the street and
simply grabbed plants and ate them as
you walked down the street without
saying, "Oh, look at this fruit tree
that someone planted or this vegetable
uh plot that someone planted and they're
not going to let you touch it anyway."
But it'd be unnatural for us to simply
go out to the garden and eat the plants
or walking down the street. So, it was
likely we evolved and a lot of the the
the the uh anthropologic data,
archaeologic data shows that we were
primarily meat eaters. Now, did we eat
some plants? I bet we did, right? We're
omnivores in general, but we must have
focused on the large
beasts. Those large beasts, we were
really good at hunting. Human beings are
really
amazingly creative.
So my theory is we came out of the trees
as fruit and leaf eaters not to eat the
grass but to eat the grass eaters. So we
figured out how to hunt in a pack like
wolves and lions and we figured out how
to utilize the tools that we can pick up
a stick or a rock and say, "Huh, this is
now a tool." But then we began to
manipulate it and made bows and arrows
and axes and all sorts of things that
allowed us to do even
more. We got so good we likely killed
off the large herds that helped us
survive. And in times of lack of our
natural food, we went to the plants
because you and I didn't want to starve.
And either you and I figured out that we
can eat some things without dying or we
watched some of our family members, our
clan, our village members and cohort die
from eating something. We said, "Hey,
they didn't die from that. They died
from that. Let's eat
that." And and interesting enough, um,
we were able to eat the plants in small
amounts and some plants more so than
others. Fruit probably more likely. I'm
not sure where seeds and nuts would go
in that because, you know, we're not
squirrels and, you know, finding seeds
and nuts naturally probably is not so
simple, but maybe some fruits. And then
we figured out maybe how to how to
control, you know, we figured, hey, wow,
where we ate them and throw them on the
ground, they began to grow. We can
control that.
But then we also figured out
that human beings really like the fruits
and
vegetables and and in the sense when we
say vegetables, you know, it's going to
be
grains and and we figured out how to
grind them, soak them, ferment
them, cook them. that made them less
toxic, more
palatable, but it enabled us to feed
more people and grow our
civilizations.
But as kings, you and I, of of separate,
you know, clans not too far away from
each other, we kind of got together and
we realized, you know, the masses really
love those grains and they love the beer
that comes from it, right? beer and
bread to control the masses, which is
kind of interesting concept. And and and
so we now know they become addicted to
it. And and they will do anything for
that. And even considered you and I the
gods because we're able to protect them.
They will be the soldiers and they'll be
the slaves enslaved and they will be the
peasants and and prisoners. So
civilizations and towns began to grow
and realize that that eating meat was
the hunting grounds and is the master
meal. And for some reason when you ate
the fatty meat you were
healthier but when you ate the the pasta
and bread and pizza and I mean that's
kind of what we talk about today. But
ultimately it was was grainbased. It was
porridge graced. was based and it was
and and we figured out how to make
alcohol. Now, what what how does that
equate to today? Well, the difference
today is now the the food
pyramid and I kind of equate that back
to the pharaohs and the pyramids. You
have this mighty master telling the
masses to do this and that and we'll
provide you bread and beer.
And we know in the time of the Egyptians
and the pharaohs there was a lot of
disease and cancers and diabetes and
things like that which you could see in
the archaeological
um remnants of all of
us. And
ultimately the modern pyramid was sort
of concocted by I think um commercial
endeavors and political power in order
to focus on making
money rather than making men and
mommies.
Was there also a control aspect there?
It it's it's a you know I I never like
to say I'm blaming someone personally
that they want to come and get you and
take you down.
the the challenge for human beings is
power and money is is really something
that could damage our sense of of uh
honesty and and and
um kindness to everyone. Yeah. And in
some ways the kings and queens today or
the political leaders today ultimately
are kind of like the ancient kings and
queens and likely many of them have come
down uh they're related to our ancient
heroes as we call them the kings and
queens the the the priest the pope the
president the professors and the
physicians are people that you and I
look up to as having all the knowledge
Mhm.
And and and I know this is sort of going
in, you in a in a way that might think,
well, what does this have to do with
this and this? But
ultimately, we're still controlled by
the powers that control the message. And
the food pyramid is just another message
for the masses that we came from a life
of difficulty finding food.
So we didn't know the right food because
we evolved pretty much as
agriculturalists. The the kings and
queens and the religions are really all
sort of one concept and idea. and to
come up with
lifestyle
recipes of how you live and the laws and
the foods and how you eat them helped us
and civilization grow in amazing ways.
That's why I'm not blaming any one
person here. It's evolved for thousands
of years, right? And agriculture and
plants and fruits and vegetables were
our
primary food source. But so were lambs,
goats, chickens, fish, and cows. And in
our ancient ways, for thousands of years
and our relatives not that long ago, we
were herds people. So we first probably
once once the large mammoths and other
large herbivores were gone from our
great hunting
methods, we figured, hey, there are some
animals that we can corral and control
or we follow them and we can control
some of them and the rest will follow.
And that gave us an amazing food
source. And as we began to become more
sedentary in small towns and villages
and cities and then in large
civilizations, we realized that
agriculture can also be had and we can
share all sides of that. So, so with
this this um pyramid, this food pyramid
that has been around for years, it's
it's switched over to this my food
plate, similar concept, similar
philosophy, this, you know, the powers
that be, created this this sort of road
map for the masses to follow. And when
we asked the average person, I mean,
we're here in Miami, you flew your
airplane down here to have a
conversation with me. I'm so grateful.
If we walked over to South Beach, doc,
and asked a hundred people like, "What's
what's healthy on your plate of food?"
And they're going to say, "Fruits and
vegetables. Fruits and vegetables." And
you just made the case that plants,
including all vegetables and even fruit,
will turn into sugar in the body. The
liver has to process it. It will lead to
inflammation. It can lead to
inflammation and weight gain. But meat,
eggs, dairy, butter, the foods that most
people think are unhealthy for you are
actually the foods that are healthy for
you. Is that what you're saying?
Absolutely. And if you think about it,
the farm had chickens and and and and
pigs and cows and those were primary
food sources for the families and the
villages. I mean really there was no
supermarket or Uber Eats or things like
that. It was really we were all
responsible. And as the cities enlarged,
you know, people now relied on someone
else to bring their food, but it was
bacon, eggs, butter, beef, and salt is
the primary things I think we ate a lot
of. And we didn't throw the fat away. We
ate it and cooked with it. When you eat
fat, and I don't know if you've ever
noticed, butter never molds. That's
right. Gee, why does butter never mold?
Because fat comes from an animal. Oils
come from plants. and oils are all
industrial and only created in the last
100 plus years in any large significant
amounts and yes and and so yeah fat is
where you what you want to eat reduces
inflammation and and so it's really you
have to be careful because even
carnivores can spend too much time
eating lean meat and I think they're
doing it right but there's something
called protein poisoning rabbit
starvation is a real diseases and I
suspect many of us are suffering from
that because even a a vegetarian or a
Mediterranean by by only adding more
animal fat and I always say as raw as
possible is the best but so cooking it
as le as little as possible is what
you're saying that's correct because as
you cook anything you denature it you
damage it and if you read Pottinger's
cats he did a study on about 900 cats
where he fed them either cooked meat or
raw meat eat raw milk or pasteurized
milk and those cats that were fed the
pasteurized and cooked products got sick
and then their subsequent generations
got sick also. Yeah. And so he fed them
raw and and and and raw milk and they
stayed healthy. And so I suspect for so
many of us if you're simply in the paleo
keto world by adding as as much rare to
raw fatty meat you'll be healthier than
simply eating mostly plants which
ultimately if you think about it you
know how easy is to go kill that pig or
that cow with just your bare hands. It's
not easy for me. It's not easy for me
either and it's likely not happening. I
mean, I could see you grabbing around
the the the neck and and biting into the
into the karates and and like it ain't
going to last long. Right. Right. See,
the be difference between us and a and a
tiger or a lion or a wolf is that they
they have the the the claws and the and
the jaws for hunting and taking you
down. We had to come up with the tools
and the methods. That's the really big
difference. That makes sense. And you
made a good point there because a lot of
my audience, they follow a carnivore
diet and they could fall into that trap
of um eating all these lean meats,
chicken breast, um lean red meat. So
simply adding butter, uh eating the
chicken uh thighs versus the chicken
breast or leaving the skin on, finding
ways to get in the fat. A lot of them
think that eating the extra fat is going
to prevent them from getting to the goal
weight they want to get to. Well, we're
talking
about leaning your body up, producing
fat, and showing more muscle, which is
reproductive function, by the way.
Because everything in life is only about
one thing, reproduction. Making babies.
I'm sorry. That's it, right? Survival.
You and I are podcasting and writing
books and sharing stories. It's still
reproduction. Your brain only knows a
few things in life. It's It's otherwise
we go extinct. That's correct.
If you're following a low carbohydrate
keto diet or carnivore diet, this is one
of the most important tips. I see a lot
of people who struggle with keto and
carnivore. And the reason they struggle
is because they are losing too many
electrolytes. They're becoming mineral
depleted. Every cell in your body needs
minerals to function, to produce energy,
which helps you burn fat and feel good.
My favorite minerals and electrolytes
are from beam minerals. These are fulvic
and humic compounds that are
bioavailable that have have over 70
minerals in them. It tastes like water.
They're are carnivore friendly. Let me
explain why. There are no anti-nutrients
in them. It does not break a fast. As a
matter of fact, it could support your
fasting window and it's been a gamecher
for my health and I recommend it to all
my students. Head over to
beamminerals.com. Use the coupon code a
checkout. My last name a DI at checkout
to get a nice discount. bamminerals.com
coupon code is aati and and we know that
the the infertility rates are on the
rise uh both men and women and I believe
it's secondary to our lifestyle which is
mostly related to our lowfat high
plant-based lean meat diet because that
damages the liver and then the plant
compounds contain estrogen,
testosterone, progesterone and all sorts
of of other chemicals that damage every
cell of your body. And plants are live
organisms. Wait, so did you just say
plants are similar to endocrine
disrupting chemicals?
Well, they are the primary source and
the initial creator of endocrine
disrupting chemicals because plants are
live
organisms and they make infinite numbers
of chemicals, antigens, lectins,
oxalates, phitates, foreign sugars and
and
so they they care about survival like
you and I do. Yes, they are sentient
beings that have evolved millions of
years before you and I. They contain a
very complex life
life, what's the right word here? They
they complain a complex life system for
survival like an innate intelligence.
Inate intelligent. I mean, think of a
cell. Okay. So, so our mind, we think
human beings are more intelligent than
anything else, but
ultimately look at Alzheimer's dementia.
You're still alive, but you have you
have still can function and do many
things, but your ability to thrive and
survive in our environment doesn't work
anymore.
Plants have cells that make everything
they need in order to
reproduce, to
communicate, and even to migrate around
the world. And if you think about it,
heroin, cocaine, marijuana, nicotine,
caffeine come from plants. So what toxic
chemical comes from a ribeye steak?
Zero. Nothing. Zero. This is the amazing
part of this story. We've been basically
brainwashed,
duped in our current scientific
environment, by the way, because science
I often call snake oil. And and are you
going to take the Bible or scientific
America to war? Which one are we really
taking? The Bible, hands down. The
Bible. Absolutely. And so, it's
interesting. Even in the keto carnival
world, we talk important science is we
need to publish some papers on this, but
then you get caught up in the
publication world. So I I have a
journal. You want to publish it in my
journal? Well, it's got to be say it the
right way. It's got to be the right
things. And there there's forces that
control publishing things. Now, the
beauty of the world today is social
media. Yeah. Podcast. Podcasting. And
everyone should do this, by the way.
Yes. You need to share your story. But
ultimately the problem is that someone
still controls that too. So we never
know when someone's going to turn it
off, right? And so that's why we're
building a new world today. It's a
community of connecting with each and
every human being around the globe
through this. And our power is to
continue to communicate and getting
together virtually is great, but even
communally. And if you really think back
to humanity, why have religions grown so
much? Because it was a place to bring
the masses together with a concept of
health and wellness and humanity and
creation. So I'm not here to say any
religions are bad. I think all of them
have had their their their value for
thousands of years. And I I consider
myself a Catholic. I I was born and
raised Catholic. I became an atheist and
a scientist. But then God punished me
and then I found my way back to
understanding the power of faith and God
in all of us. Yeah. So, we're all here
really for the same reason. I'm not here
to fight anyone's ideas of what they
believe. I'm sharing a story.
That's
radical. And you don't have to believe
me and you don't have to believe
yourself. But I've always learned that
if I listen and learn for something I
don't believe in and be
openminded, the last thing I noticed
that science and doctors and medicine is
kind of
close-minded. Absolutely. I I want to
get into the carnivore diet a little bit
more, which we're both advocates for.
And um if somebody did the carnivore
diet for 10 days, what what's going to
happen inside of their body during those
10 days?
carnivore diet is a fatty meat diet.
Now, it could be the lion's diet as
Michaela Peterson has shared about just
ruminant meats, fatty meat, salt, and
water. Okay, that's the ultimate
elimination diet. And so, when you
eliminate the heroin, cocaine,
marijuana, sinai, nicotine, now when I
say that, I'm talking plants because
they contain infinite other chemicals
that are harmful to us. Then you
suddenly don't have the
inflammatory pollen that's getting
through your nose, but now you're you're
not eating it anymore. And suddenly your
body is like, "Okay, now you're not
poisoning me all the time and damaging
me. I'm healing always." By the way,
autophagy is always happening. But it
becomes more noticeable when you either
go strict
carnivore or ketoore even which I
believe is is is still fat and fat
suppresses
inflammation and that's the magic. But
when you eat fat
carnivore for 10 days, you're you're
killing andor reducing the the microbes
in your gut, the
microbiome. Now, the last I looked, we
really don't want bacteria, yeast, or
viruses in our blood vessels or in our
organs. I believe the microbes are
everywhere, but they're not our friends.
Even in our gut, they're they want to
kill you, control you, just like plants
do. Right now, again, it's they're there
and when I when I notice I'm feeling
better, likelihood they're lower in
their numbers and lower in the virulent
population. But interesting enough, I
can test your microbiome right now. And
I can find
pathologic viruses, bacteria, and yeast,
but they're just in low amounts, right?
And and so when you eat carnivore, you
reduce them or eliminate many of them.
And now you're not sending the sugars
and the antigen, the chemicals to the
liver to damage the
liver. As your liver gets damaged, by
the way, its function drops.
Now I believe the liver has two main
functions. One is to make
fat. You don't make fat in any other
place of your body. You only make it in
the liver. And the other is to detoxify.
Okay? So we know that whatever we
breathe thinking, whatever we breathe,
drink and eat gets into our body, our
bloodstream, goes to the liver. The
liver's job is like, "Oh, wait a minute.
This stuff isn't so good. let's let's
let's change it into something non-toxic
or let's get rid of it alto together.
But as the liver drops, its ability to
clear out the
toxins drops. So the toxin levels go up
and the sugars go up because the main
function is to convert sugar to fat via
insulin in the liver. So now you have
higher ins sugar and insulin levels and
you're not quite diabetic yet, but you
begin to feel a little sort of brain fog
or tired after tired after a while,
stomach problems, joint problems, leg
problems. And so when you go carnivore
for 10 days, now you may feel a little
bit of withdrawal initially by the way.
Yeah, I've seen that with some people.
So, so if you think about alcoholics or
people on drugs or uh you or coffee, uh
people will suddenly like, you know, I'm
I'm really feeling uncomfortable and
agitated. But that too shall pass. And
if you focus more on fat, it'll reduce
the inflammation even more. You'll feel
better at 10 days. If you continue to
get to 30 days, you'll feel even better.
But remember, there's a little voice
that says, um, fatty meat's not good for
you. and you keep on saying fatty meat's
not good for you. What am I going to do?
Well, you're you're going to realize
that there's there's a there's a there's
a new story in town and there's a new
method of sharing the story that doesn't
require a scientist or a doctor or the
government. It requires simply you're
listening and learning either a podcast,
YouTube, Facebook, or you're reading a
new book like Metabolic Freedom coming
out soon and I highly recommend it for
everyone. Thank you. Because we're
metabolically damaged, by the way, and
poisoned by high plant, low animal fat
diet. And that's really the simple
story. Yeah. Well said. And thank you
for that. I have a brand new book called
Metabolic Freedom published with Hay
House being released May 13th, 2025.
This book outlines the exact steps to
restore your metabolism, heal your
hormones, and burn fat. It presents to
you the problems to why we see metabolic
disease and the exact steps to restore
your metabolism to burn serious fat. At
the end of the book, there's a 30-day
plan for you to lose up to 30 lbs in 30
days. And here's the exciting
announcement. You could get this book
right now. And when you order it today,
you'll get a free metabolic freedom
miniourse where I teach you how the
metabolism works, my favorite keto and
fasting hacks to burn fat, and exclusive
interviews with Dr. Jason Fong, Dr.
Daniel PMPA, Cynthia Thurlo, Megan
Ramos, and others. That is all for free
in this miniourse. If you go to the QR
code on the screen right now or if
you're listening on the podcast, head to
metabolicfreedombook.com or click the
link at the top of the notes of this
video and this podcast. You could go
purchase the book right now and get
immediate access to this free miniourse
and exclusive interviews. Click the link
down below or go to
metabolicfreedombook.com. Who would
benefit most from following a carnivore
diet? hear about autoimmune conditions
and but who are the top people that
really should consider doing carnivore?
A human being would be a good start. I
knew you're I knew you were going to say
that, but give me something specific.
Yes. Yes. Okay. I know you want
everybody to do it, but who really even
more so than others need to do it.
Everyone can do it. Yes. And I can tell
you, you don't have to do it all the
time. It's just a great therapeutic
thing that you do a short time, a reset,
and you might find how great it is. You
might continue it. Uh, but I personally
had migraines since a young child. I
couldn't read. Dyslexic, ADHD, OCD. I
didn't know you were dyslexic. Oh, yes.
I couldn't read for
for I went to catechism, but I never
understood any of it. I love the
pictures. I couldn't read. And and you
know my my elevator speech is I grew up
in LA kicked out of school in a gang
couldn't read father in jail and voila.
But through pain and suffering you you
prosper and strengthen and grow. And
that's the beauty of life. Amen. And I
never look back to any of it and say
why' this happen to me. I'm like
grateful to God every day that all of it
has happened. Yeah. But look it, I don't
care if you arthritis, psoriasis, kidney
stones, migraine, bowel bleeding, um,
uh, diabetes. My sister died diabetes.
She had it since age four. She died at
at 52. Marian was amazing lady. But
cancers and depression, uh, ALS, MS, you
name a disease,
I believe all of our suffering is
secondary to plant protein, low animal
fat diet and eating three to six meals a
day. Well, that we we got to slow down
there because that that's a very
powerful statement what you just said.
You said every single
disease symptom that is out there people
are dealing with a lot is primarily
driven by plants. What else did you say?
Plant-based, proteinbased, low-fat diet.
Low-fat diet, lean meats, and too many
plants. you that's the main cause of all
these diseases is what you're saying
essentially that is a simplicity aams
razor says the simple answer is the one
and that's a bold statement doc it's a
crazy statement and my grandmother lived
104 she smoked poms and drank Manhattan
and she was from Italy Mediterranean
diet wonderful woman good jeans you got
and and genes are good but ultimately my
bet is most of our genes are almost
identical there are some predisposing
genes
But the environment is turns them on or
keeps them at bay. You're right. Yeah.
So, okay. Well, that that's Look, I love
the carnivore diet, too. It's just a
bold statement. I I agree with you. I
think every human being would benefit
from doing it. I've done my experiments
with it, and we'll talk about it when I
go on your podcast. Um, what are what
are some mistakes? I think one mistake
on carnivore is doing a low-fat
carnivore, lean meat sort of approach.
What other mistakes or maybe some
hiccups people notice when doing a
carnivore diet? Well, I think the first
thing is is they focus
on lean meat versus fatty meat and they
overcook their meat. So, all the fat is
basically melted away and they don't get
that fat. And that's one of the most
important things is you have to get the
fat. That's why I do I do rare to raw
black and blue. I've seen we've had
dinner and he is correct. That's what he
does. He's not lying. Add butter. Yeah.
I I remember we were at um that
Argentinian restaurant here, Fiorito in
Miami. So, shout out to Fiorito. You got
like seven packs of those butters and
you're just putting it all over your
steak. I'm like, "All right, you live it
to eat it, bro." Well, once again, you
ever noticed that butter never molts and
and fat lasts? Now, remember, animals
make fat. Plants make oils. Oils from
plants are industrial. Now, as an
Italian olive oil lover in general,
olive oil was made in ancient ways of
crushing. Yeah. And it's a fruit, too.
It's it's a fruit, but it's a seed.
Remember, because when you crush the
olive, you're crushing the whole fruit
and seed. And so, you're getting a seed
oil in olive oil also. And an avocado,
the same thing. you're essentially
drying and crushing the whole fruit,
seed and and and the meat. Um, so that's
kind of something that we don't realize
that some oils I don't believe that
plant oils are the biggest killer. I
think the biggest killer is a high
plant, low animal fat diet and snacking
and grazing, eating frequently
throughout the day, which most people
do. Ultimately, lions don't graze.
grazers graze like like cows and and and
zebras and we're not those animals.
Correct. And we don't have fermenting
guts. Yeah. So, basically, when you eat
the
plants, especially when they're raw, the
bacteria, yeast, and viruses are still
all over them. I call lettuce nature's
toilet paper. And I don't care what
washing you do, you can never wash the
microbes off the lettuce. So, the the
lettuce wraps with a lean chicken
breast, one of the worst foods out there
is what you're saying. Absolutely.
Absolutely. And and so do the do the the
chicken with with with with butter or
you know, tallow mayonnaise if you
really want to do it. But but truly, if
you eat chicken, it should be the whole
roasting chicken with skin and the
organs. That's how I do it. And and so
we're now basically the industrial
production of food, which basically is
is a boneless, skinless chicken. I don't
care if even if it's the the thigh or
the leg or the breast, they all have
been basically devoid of the proper
nutrients that we were meant to consume,
which is the whole chicken. I believe
that organ meats are good for us,
including the liver. Do you need it?
Well, we're not scientifically here to
prove it, but my bet is there's lots of
minerals and vitamins, and I believe
pregnant lactating women or pre-reg
women uh should be consuming those
things. And we we've put out organ meat
and liver supplements because I believe
that they're the they're the leading
supplement we should all take. Uh, no.
The top one is eat the real organ meats
and and I believe everyone can choose to
do that, but a lot of people don't eat
it regularly and it's sometimes easy
enough to have that supplement. Yeah, I
tend to supplement with it as well. But
when we use this supplement, I guess I
mean ultimately if it's if it's dried
liver organ meats, it it isn't sort of a
industrially produced in the same way we
might produce um
plant-based uh minerals. I mean for
supplements. Yeah. you know, you have to
extract them. Very different process.
Very, very different process. Yeah,
that's good. All right. So, I hope those
watching and listening are inspired to
eat the fat. It's not going to make you
fat. It's going to heal the body. And
eat more red meat. Go for it. You're
going to feel incredible. And I want to
see if you take the challenge. Let us
know how you do. One of the best
predictors that will determine how long
you live is V2 max. V2 max is the
maximum amount of oxygen your body can
use during intense exercise indicating
your aerobic and cardiovascular health.
What if there was a way to improve your
V2 max which may extend your lifespan at
the same time help you build muscle and
burn fat in a fraction of the time that
it would take to go to the gym? Well,
I'm referring to the Carol Bike and I
got to tell you, I've been using my
Carol Bike for weeks and I absolutely
love this machine. The Carol Bike was
developed with leading exercise
researchers to deliver the shortest,
most effective workouts. Their signature
rehit workouts create the most potent
training stimulus in just two 20 second
sprints. It's scientifically proven to
deliver superior health and fitness
benefits compared to regular cardio
exercise in 90% less time.
Unfortunately, 95% of Americans don't
exercise, and their number one reason is
they don't have time. Well, the cool
thing with the Carol Bike is that the
workouts are only five to eight minutes
long and you just do two to three
workouts per week and you'll get all of
these amazing results. As a subscriber
to my YouTube channel, Carol Bike is
offering you
$250 off your bike. Head over to
carolbike.com/freedom and use the coupon
code freedom for $250 off. We'll also
drop that information in the notes down
below. I'm going to ask you a last
question here uh before I do share with
my audience where they could learn more
about you, connect with you, and just
share anywhere you want them to go. This
is drkilts.com. It's spell it out d occ
r k i ltz or kilts and and I'm the
fertility doctor, but my job in life is
to help all us live a fertile life,
whether it's making babies or helping
someone else make babies because we're
helping them heal and be healthy. And
you're doing an amazing job. This guy
inspires me. Uh, I love you, bro. Um, I
want to ask you this final question. You
live it, the vitamin G lifestyle, the
gratitude lifestyle. And, uh, gratitude,
as I've learned over the years, is not a
practice. Gratitude is a feeling. So,
with that in mind, what
gratitude are you feeling right now?
People ask me all the time, what
supplement or vitamin should I take? And
I always say vitamin G. And I always
tell everyone that vitamin G was shared
with me from my good friend Ben Aati who
taught me that being grateful and having
gratitude for everything in your life.
And it I think it's such a simplistic
idea that as we all share it together,
we share it around to each and every one
of us. And namaste, God bless,
inshallah. So many words we can share by
helping someone else in their life and
heal or help them through whatever is
sad in their life. And we listen and
learn together. And I'm just grateful to
Benazadi for inviting me to his amazing
podcast. And I am inspired by what he
continues to put out there. He's a young
40y year guy who is inspired to share
words and heal humanity. And and u keto
camp uh is a university that everyone is
automatically enrolled in, right? You
don't have to get like, you know, a
special long document to fill out and be
accepted into this. Everyone is
accepted. And because all of us, I don't
care who you are or what anyone has ever
said about you or you think of yourself,
you deserve the very best in life. And
learning from our good friend Ben Aati
and Keto Camp and his new book,
Metabolic Freedom, I highly recommend. I
know it's going to be on Audible. I love
to listen to books and and and do my
walks or or other things. And so, um,
thank you for inviting me here today. I
really appreciate it. We're learning
together, all of us. We are, brother.
Yes. Healing humanity together. You're,
uh, you're incredible. Thanks for making
it happen with all your travel to to
make this happen. And now I'm going on
your podcast. So, let's get to that
because you have a dinner to get to.
Everybody,
drkilts.com. We'll put that down below
in the YouTube the podcast. We'll put
his podcast link down below. He has his
own podcast and also his social media.
Until next time, thank you everybody for
watching and listening. Eat the meat, be
the master. God bless. Enjoy. If you
enjoyed that chat, be sure to watch this
next video with Dr. Philip Ovati, a
worldrenowned heart surgeon all about
heart disease. Heart disease remains the
number one killer by a pretty wide
margin. It was sugar is causing heart
disease or it was dietary cholesterol
and saturated fat is causing heart
disease.