Hey guys, this is market update. I think
the bears are in a little bit of trouble
here. It looks like we're trying to
break out again. So, this pattern seems
to be playing out. The uptrend seems to
be continuing. You can see we came into
this pattern once here, twice, three
times, and we've bounced each time. So,
buyers are coming in and buying those
sell-offs at higher prices each time,
and we're now looking to potentially
break out from the all-time high prices.
I know that we did trade up above this
for a little bit. We got a wick there,
but this would be the all-time high
weekly close. So basically, Bitcoin's at
an all-time high again, ranging higher,
right? And if you look at the monthly
close now, I know it's like the first
week of October, but this would be very
clearly an all-time high, monthly
closed, even if we finished here. So,
we're at alltime highs and the next few
months is typically when Bitcoin
outperforms. We we've got some catch up
to do to gold and we're in a bull market
where, you know, interest rates probably
going to be coming down and uh
especially with the lockdown in the US.
I mean, that's going to hit GDP. So
you'd expect some sort of measures after
that once they get that sorted. So look,
I think we're in a good position. We
didn't we didn't basically move anywhere
for a year, 42 weeks, 43 weeks from this
100K that we traded here. We had a lot
of volatility in between, but basically
for a year we went nowhere. So I think
it's probably time we actually get some
performance back into BTC. You can see
we've broken out of this. This is on the
daily as well. So first breakout
attempt. It can sell off. We can come
back into this. We can maybe test this
line and then go higher. But look, we're
supposed to go higher. Bitcoin has the
outperformance and we need to catch up
gold. You can see here from JP Morgan
the uh the difference between Bitcoin
price and their volad adjusted
comparison to gold. Uh it implies that
Bitcoin currently consumes around 1.85
times more risk capital than gold. That
mechanically means uh that the market
cap would have to rise around 42% to
keep up uh with the difference between
it and gold implying a Bitcoin price of
165K.
Um, look, I don't think we're going to
get that there. Maybe on this breakout.
Um, but look, we should go higher,
right? 150K is definitely a level that I
was thinking of. Um, so I think we can
get there. If you trade, check out
Blowfin, you get a really good deposit
bonus on there. And they give you VIP
for a month as well, which is lower fees
and some other bonuses. And Bybit,
$30,000 deposit bonus on there via the
links in the description. Not everyone
can trade on Bybit, so maybe try out
Blow Fin. You can get a good deposit
bonus on there as well. All links below.
165k would start to put us in the little
red box, which is where I have to get
out of my short-term trades or start to
start distributing them or at least not
like buying and adding to positions. The
reason being is that this chart, the
long-term chart of Bitcoin, shows the
trend rate of growth over time, right?
The price can move up in its range and
get kind of above the trend rate and it
can move below its range, right? And
going below the trend rate, but as a
riskreward for trading, especially if
using leverage, right? Because you have
to manage this. Up here is where I
cannot just go long, right? It's
impossible. I don't know what's going to
happen to the price, right? We could
actually just do this, right, for like a
long time, although I doubt it. But it
can't go here and then have another big
bull market. That is almost impossible
in my opinion because then the rate of
growth of the price would start to
accelerate again and that's not what
we're seeing in the data. We're seeing
the rate of growth, the Kaggar actually
crush over time as the asset matures,
which is totally normal. So for
short-term trades, especially with
leverage, I cannot uh have any reason to
start going long in this box. And if I'm
not going long, that means you have to
actually sell out of your trades because
there's no neutral in trading, right?
Neutral in investment. I'm just going to
buy this and wait 10 years. But for
trading, you can't do that, especially
when you're using leverage. So look, I
have to get out. That was my plan all
along. And that's when the price of
Bitcoin is fairly high in relation to
its trend. I'm not saying I'm going to
have a huge bare market again. I don't
know what's going to happen, but those
trades that the whole plan was to get in
at lower prices uh and then just ride it
up here. If we got there, you have to
sell out because that's a riskreward. If
we don't, you just do this, right? Well,
then you know, you're not going to get a
huge draw down because you haven't had a
big blowoff top, right? If you're not
massively above the trend rate of growth
in price, why would you then just dip
way below it? Uh so that's how I think
anyway, look, I've got trades in. I'm
going to have to start selling out when
we get in this red box. So bittersweet,
right, for the rest of this cycle. I'll
show you Bitcoin's Kaggar as well.
Compound annual growth rate. You can see
that worked out in orange here. Black is
the Bitcoin price. Look, we could go
sideways like this period, which would
be fantastic as well. Um, but I don't
think that you are going to see a
fundamental long-term acceleration in
Kaggar. That's not what happens with
risk assets as they grow in size, right?
You see this, right? The Kaggar coming
down. So, it's crushing. It could go
sideways. It's currently around 30% in a
bull market. this could rise up to that
50 60% Kagar, right? But that's
short-term price movements, right? It's
not a long-term like four-year Kagar.
You're seeing that crush down. So again,
for a riskreward for a trade, if the
price is up there, Kagar is very high in
relation to this trend. Again, that's
something that you have to trade out of,
right? Because the price is high in
relation to that trend. That's the whole
point of a trade is getting out, playing
the percentages of the price versus the
trend rate. Um, so look, we could have
another great two, three, six months. Um
but if the price is high in relation to
trend unfortunately that's when you do
have to sell out of your trades. Um look
we can see here Bitcoin versus gold,
NASDAQ everything else people are saying
that Bitcoin is underperforming gold
year to date we've basically gone
sideways because of the 100k
distribution but on any investment time
horizon huge outperformance versus
everything else except for MSTR which is
just using debt to buy it right so
leverage Bitcoin. Uh so obviously
another good trade but look the whole
trade here you're seeing the banks get
involved now right so they've been
buying at 100 right a lot of sellers
early you know early OG is selling out
100 to a lot of these ETFs and
everything and the banks obviously just
say this is the best trade ever and try
and pump it up as well just typical
tradfire stuff they're talking about the
debasement trade right and I I think
it's really important Michael Sailor
actually uh replied here we call it
saving our money and that is the
important thing Bitcoin isn't really a
trade you can trade the price versus
dollars. What I'm actually doing is not
trading Bitcoin. I'm trading dollars.
I'm going long Bitcoin, but really what
I'm doing is going short dollars because
I think we're in a weakening cycle for
the dollar. So, I'm actually going short
dollars, playing that against Bitcoin
for a trade. I just think that's the
easiest way to play it. Now, you can do
it against NASDAQ if you want or
housing. People have done it against
housing, right? Historically, I'm
trading against Bitcoin. It's the
easiest way to do it, right? But what
I'm actually doing is going short
dollars when I'm trading, right? And
when I'm saving money in my DCA, what
I'm doing is saving my money. I'm not
trading a debasement trade. Everyone
knows that paper isn't money. Paper
isn't money and you can't hold it. This
is the inflation rate in CPI. It never
ever goes down. This is the price of
stuff in paper, right? But the price of
stuff in Bitcoin is like this. Price of
stuff in paper is like this, right? We
call it saving our money, right? Because
paper is not something that you can save
in. The reason why the S&P is making
exponentially more money is because more
paper exists. Their their remit, right,
is to earn paper. And there's so much
paper being printed that it's
exponentially going higher. But if you
uh measure this in Bitcoin, it's doing
this, right? Because you can't earn more
Bitcoin. There's only 21 million
Bitcoin. So if you produce more and more
and more goods and services, that just
means that the price of those comes down
because they debase themselves versus
the Bitcoin. Paper is debasing itself.
And that's why it looks like these guys
are earning more revenue uh year after
year, but they're actually not. They're
just earning the same amount. It's just
there's more paper out, right? So that's
what this is. Think about it, right?
They're earning paper and their revenue
and earnings are going up. That's
because there's more paper in existence,
right? It's a joke. So look, are we
going to get a euphoric peak? This is
from Checkmate here. In the previous two
bull markets, you saw this euphoric
peak, right? And that's obviously a good
time to sell. We haven't had that. And
I'm absolutely fine with it just, you
know, bumbling along. But if the price
gets high in relation to trend, I still
have to sell out, which it could do. It
might not have that euphoric peak. It
might just kind of edge up there.
Euphoric peaks do happen though and they
tend to happen um you know towards the
tail end of a bull market which it seems
like everything is just behaving in the
same way as previous bull markets which
would be this winter this Q4 being
pretty good for BTC.
Now if you want to invest in hedge funds
which charge you 2 and 20 in terms of
fees right 2% fee and then a 20%
performance fee huge high ticket item
that you have to invest into. You got to
be you got to be a rich guy. You got to
know uh people to get into these funds.
26% year-to- date return. These guy
that's the best one. These guys 11 10
12%. Man,
they haven't even outperformed the S&P.
The S&P goes up that much. What a joke.
What an absolute joke. Buy a Bitcoin,
outperform every single hedge fund
manager in the space. And by the way,
you can buy and sell any amount of it on
Sunday evening. You don't have to have a
million-doll, you know, block investment
into these garbage funds. Bitcoin just
demonetizes all of that garbage. So
good. If you trade Bitcoin, buy bit
deposit bonus up to 30,000 down below.
If you can't trade on Bybit, check out
Blowin. You can get a great deposit
bonus and a VIP for a month as well on
there. Link in description. I'm James
Money G. Cheers for watching and I'll
see you in the next