Today we're comparing a genuine Lab DF3
putter with one that I ordered off of
Teeu and another one that I ordered off
of AliExpress. We're going to be looking
at the finer details to see exactly what
the differences are between these three
putters. We're going to be looking at
the grip, the shaft, the head, the
branding and logos, the head covers, and
put each of them through a revealer to
see if they're actually lie angle
balanced. For all images you see in this
video, you're going to see the genuine
DF3 putter on the left, the Teimu putter
in the center, and the AliExpress on the
right. Starting with the grip, the first
difference I noticed was this circle
pattern. In the genuine version, each
circle is almost like its own individual
ball marker where the whole thing is
flush with the surface level of the
grip. And with the Teimu grip, the
circles were almost like little octopus
suckers where it was a little bit
concave and the outer edges were a
little bit more raised, but it was very
similar in tack and feel. If I were to
do a blindfold test, there's no way I
would be able to tell the difference
between the two. The AliExpress grip was
definitely the most disappointing. It
felt quite plasticky. It felt hard.
There was no tack to it. The circles
were pretty much flush with the surface
level of the grip, and it just felt like
something that you'd get from Walmart.
Each grip had this branding on the side
where it would seem like they were all
extremely similar with the same font
weight and position. I wasn't really
able to tell the difference between any
of them. The other difference I noticed
was in the butt ends. You can see how
there's that line across the center in
the genuine version. And also, the
molding is pretty perpendicular,
straight up and down. It's quite sharp.
Whereas in the Teimu version, it's
almost fuzzy. It's not straight up and
down. It's not as deep. And then in the
AliExpress version, it's like not deep
at all. It's like barely pressed in.
Very flat. Ignore that circle around the
top part of it. I had my Arco sensor in
there and the hole got a little bit
ruined as well. Then the last difference
I noticed in the grips was at the bottom
of the grip. The genuine version was
very flat straight across. The Teimu
version, it was a little bit slightly
further down on the non-shaft side. It's
a little bit angled. And then you can
see it's even more pronounced on the
AliExpress version. Not sure if that's
just an artifact of someone pushing a
little bit too hard to get the grip on,
but it was just a difference I noticed.
Onto the shafts. The genuine version has
a matte black frosted finish where the
Teimu version has the same finish, but
it's not quite as matte. It is a little
bit more shiny. The genuine version has
nine step downs, whereas the Teimu
version actually has 10. And I have been
gaming the Teimu version a little bit.
And as I'm walking to back from the
green, I hold my clubs together as
everyone does. And I'm noticing at the
bottom right there, there's starting to
be some scratches revealing the silver
underneath. I doubt that would happen
with the genuine version. The AliExpress
version is just a glossy black finish.
Without any step downs, pretty easy to
tell that it's not genuine. I'm not sure
what the materials are made for each,
but I'll give each tap so you can kind
of tell the difference there, too.
Then on the genuine version, the last
step down is about 3 and 3/4 in from the
head, and the Teimu version, it's nearly
6 in.
Looking down at the head of the putter,
I didn't notice any major differences
between the three. I didn't take a
measuring tape to every surface and
length of it, but there was just nothing
that I could tell that was a major
difference with my naked eye.
The face of the putter is a completely
different story, though. If you're
looking really hard here, you might be
able to see the difference right away.
Again, we have the genuine DF3 on the
left, the Teimu in the middle, and the
Ali on the right. The Ali head only has
16 grooves, where the Teimu has the
matching 18 to the Genuine. a pretty big
misstep and it just seems lazy if you're
trying to create a replica. I thought I
saw the spacing of the grooves in the
t-u was a little bit off. So, I broke
out the measuring tape. The face of the
genuine comes in at about 2.2 cm where
the Teimu is a little bit bigger at just
over 2.3 by a hair. And then the
AliExpress comes in at pretty close to
2.2 as well, but you have that groove
number issue. Looking at the sole of the
head is going to be the quickest and
easiest way that we can identify the
difference between the genuine and timu
and AliExpress putters. We can start
with the milled lines that are attached
to the face. You can see in the genuine
putter that they are a little bit at an
angle as they head towards the face
where the timu are almost exactly
perpendicular with the face. And the
Alien Express is actually surprisingly
much more similar to the genuine where
the angles are not quite perpendicular
as well. They do have a little bit of an
angle going into it. Then looking at the
line that goes through the ball hole,
you can see that on the Genuine, it does
intersect the ball hole. It's a very
straight line, but then it does curve
down at the edges as it reaches the edge
of the putter. Where the Timu, it's also
quite similar. It's a straight line that
does curve down at the edges that also
intersects the hole, but you can see it
intersects a little bit deeper and it
also goes through the weight holes,
which is something that the genuine
putter never does with its milled lines.
Then on the Ali Express putter, the
entire line curves the whole way and
does intersect the hole, but this is
just something that the genuine putter
doesn't do. The weights, although I do
think they are slightly different, I
don't think that they're different
enough that you'd be able to quickly
spot a fake with the untrained eye. I
think the genuine does have almost like
a little pattern. The Teimu one almost
has a hole in the very base of the
weight hole, but nothing that was really
standing out to me. Then on the
branding, it's shamelessly close. You
can see on the Genuine here, the font is
a little bit thicker than we have on the
Teimu and the AliExpress version. You
can see the circles around the logos are
a little bit thicker. And then on the
Teimu here, it's a little bit of a
thinner font weight with the thinner
circles. The letters look a little bit
more spaced out. I don't know if they're
actually more spaced out or whether
that's just a artifact of the font
weight of it. And then on the
AliExpress, it's the same thing. A
little bit even thinner than the Teimu.
The letters look a little bit more
spaced out. The circles are a little bit
thinner. Moving on to the sound of the
putters. There definitely is a distinct
difference. It just speaks to the
different materials that were used in
it. You can definitely hear that the
genuine one is a little bit more tingy
off the toe and the heel. I'll let you
have a listen.
[Music]
The head covers have to be the most
shameless part of this. When I first got
my Teimu one, I thought they had just
purchased a genuine head cover and
thrown it on the fake Timu putter just
to make it look more real, but it wasn't
quite the same quality and it wasn't
quite the same once you actually look at
it directly next to a genuine one. The
genuine head cover does feel a little
bit more stiff where the teu one is a
little bit more looser and then the
AliExpress one was actually a little bit
closer to the genuine where it just had
that little bit more stiff feeling as
well. I kind of liked the feeling of the
T-U one where it almost felt more
leather and a little bit softer, but I
mean the genuine one probably is going
to last a lot longer and just speaks to
the quality of it that it is a little
bit more thick. The material inside is
definitely the biggest difference in the
genuine one. You can see it's almost
like a shag where the Timu it's almost
like a softer velvet and then the
AliExpress was almost like a a two-way
soft material. I have no idea what it
is, but you can kind of see how it
reacts. And yeah, you can just see that
again the quality just goes into the
genuine one. The stitching of the
genuine one here looked a little bit
more quality as well. It just seemed
like it had a thicker brim, like some
more effort was put into it, but you
would not be able to tell the
difference. Then in the stitching on the
side, we can see that the font weight
again is different. The genuine one is
the thickest. Timu is the thinnest in
this case and then AliExpress is kind of
in between. The logo is quite good in
the genuine one where it's quite poor on
the Teimu and a little bit in between on
the AliExpress as well. And then the
font weight carries through to the other
side here. The genuine one again the
thickest. The Timu a little bit thinner
and the AliExpress in between. All of
them look great. If you were looking at
any of them individually on their own,
it would be hard to tell, but you can
still tell. And perhaps the most
shameless part of all of this is the
made and balanced in Creswell Orlando
imprinting on the back of the head
cover. You can see and the genuine
that's quite large in printing. The
Teimu one is a little bit smaller and
indented. And then the AliExpress one is
closer, but it's a little bit larger.
And now for the moment of truth. We need
to put this through the revealer to see
what the differences are between them
and if they hold up to the lie angle
balanced label. So first in order to do
that we have to put together a revealer.
I'm not sure if they sell revealers if
anyone does. So we decided to build our
own. Our first guinea pig will be my
even roll ER2. It is toe angle balance
so we know exactly what it is going to
do.
Then first up will be our control, our
genuine DF3 lab putter. It's nice and
loose in there. We're going to line it
up nice and straight.
And our revealer works.
Huzzah.
Then next up will be the DF3 T-U. We'll
give it a spin. Make sure it's nice and
loose. Test it out.
It is also surprisingly lie angle
balanced.
Then I started thinking to myself,
perhaps it's just my revealer that's
broken. Maybe it just doesn't work
properly for something that's close to
being lie angle balanced. I set it down
again straight. Try it out.
And it looks all right. I give this a
pass.
And onto the AliExpress.
Perhaps it's just my revealer that's
broken, but nope.
I set it down straight.
Make sure it's loose.
Line it up nice and square before I pick
it up.
And surprise, surprise, the lowest
quality DF3
doesn't seem to be lie angle balanced.
I would not give the AliExpress a pass.
So, in summary, even with the revealer,
I think the Teimu gets a pass in terms
of just trying to spot it if it's a fake
or not. There are other ways obviously
to tell if it's fake, but I mean the
most important aspect of the LI angle
balanced passes.
I don't want this to be a review video.
I just wanted to point out what the
differences are. But one thing that I
also have to mention, when I put the
genuine DF3 down, I put it down and it
stays down. It stays right there locked
into however I put it down. The Teimu
did not do that. It's almost like where
you put a driver down and the face falls
open. just a little bit or falls closed
a little bit. The Teimu when you put it
down, the face would fall open ever so
slightly. Now, you don't feel it. If
you're actually gripping it and you put
it down and you lift it up a little bit,
ready for your putt, you don't feel any
of that. But some people when they do
put that sole down on the ground, they
want the putter to just sit right where
you want it to face it. And the Teimu
didn't do that. I do assume it's to do
with that base shape, the the shape of
the sole where you can see those milled
lines, but it didn't bother me too much.
The other thing that I noticed was the
grip just felt a little bit more firm
with the Genuine DF3. The Teimu DF3 just
felt a little bit softer. It almost felt
like the Genuine one had a a harder core
in the center where the Teimu DF3 was
just a little bit more soft through the
grip. It just didn't feel as solid.
In a blindfold test, would I be able to
tell the difference now? Probably
because I've been through this. But if
you were to ask me to guess which one
was the real one, I probably wouldn't be
able to tell the difference. If I put it
down and I saw the face slightly fall
open, maybe I would guess that that
would be the Teeu one. But if I didn't
notice that, I wouldn't be able to tell.
I don't think we could make any
verifiable conclusions from the
differences that I found in this video
except that there are differences. It's
clear that there are different materials
used between the different models and
that they are not the same. No matter
how close they look to be the same, no
matter how much they feel to be the
same, they are definitely not the same
putter. If you have your own Teimu or
Ali DF3 and I missed any other
differences that are kind of obvious,
uh, let me know down in the comments.
And if you like this video or if you
want to see another review video, let me
know what you'd like to see next. Thank
you very much and keep rolling them
smooth.