[Music]
All right, welcome to the revolution
such as it is. Uh going to clarify as
many times I can. Peaceful nonviolent
revolution, democratic revolution. Okay,
so what are we revoling against? Uh the
obvious corruption of the politicians,
right? They're uh take pack money. They
serve the donors. There's no question
about it. The only ignorant amuses that
are still denying it are mainstream
media or are all the reporters that
can't. Where is money? Oh, did billions
of dollars affect these lovely
politicians? I cannot tell. Okay, so
we're going to get to some parts of that
in a second. But guys, first I got to
tell you, super interesting. We're
trying to affect Congress. We're trying
to push them from the outside to do the
right thing. former member of Congress
is going to join us tonight and she's
going to tell us how to do it. So, Marie
Newman was a a US representative from
Illinois and she's going to join us in
about 10 minutes and tell us uh hey, if
you want to affect uh your local
representative, your congressman, this
is how you do it. That's awesome. So,
we're we're going to find out together.
Okay. So, before we get to that, I got
to tell you a whole bunch of things.
Okay. So, we asked you guys um to come
up with a way to reach Tim Burchett
because uh one of the things that we're
pushing is a a bill for lower drug
prices. It's Donald Trump's executive
order verbatim. And so, there's no
reason why very right-wing Tim Burchett
should not sign on to that bill. Uh
there's it's already got three
Republican co-sponsors. And so, uh and I
didn't want to do the social media post.
I wanted you guys to do it so that we
could all push together and empower you
guys to to do all this in social media.
So, Eclectic Miscellaneia, who's a part
of the operational working group, kind
of a legendary um uh uh TYT viewer and
member, um asked Tim Bchett to do it.
So, do we have that? Can we put that up?
Uh okay. So, we'll see if we have that
as a graphic. I should have probably
coordinated that better. But anyways, uh
his handle is uh on Xclectic.
That's E C L E C T I C. Oh my god, we
should have definitely uh done this as a
graphic. Anyway, and then Miscellaneous
just M I S C. God, that's a hard one.
Eclectic Miss C. Okay. Uh and I liked
it. if you can find it on X and then and
repost it here. I'll uh do a quote on
it. Uh and you could find it through
mine, too. Um we're asking
uh members of Congress
to
uh do this while I'm doing it, too, if
you don't mind. I'm going to give you
updates in a second, but we we've got to
get these folks to to begin to respond.
I have updates on some members of
Congress that have gotten back to us.
We're asking members of Congress to uh
lower drug prices.
Okay. So, that's Berett's information.
And so, you could take this and turn it
into a social media post as well. Uh you
could do it on Instagram. You see his
handle on Insta on X, etc.
And so I'm saying this should be a layup
for
Representative Burchett. Uh and I'm
literally going to look on there Tim
Burchett on X. So thank you for putting
that graphic up. Um because this is
Trump's
executive order,
word by word.
Okay. So,
we're asking members of Congress to
lower drug prices. This should be a
layup for Tim Buret because this is
Trump's executive order, word by word.
Okay. Send. Okay. Uh so, um there it is.
Uh so I saw that some more of you liked
it as uh we've been doing the segment.
So he's got others too. He also asked
AOC to do it. Look, I'm not going to go
through that whole process again. I'll
do it off air. Uh but uh he also wrote
AOC uh should Oh, I'm sorry. This is
Michael Nap. It's someone else. Um
should support HR 3493 for transparency
and drug pricing. Uh I love that. I'm
going to heart that as well. Uh,
Michael's normal spelling and Nathan is
KN A PN. But you know what, guys? I'll
retweet both of these. I already did
Eclectics. I'll do Michael's after the
show. And uh, and go and like theirs,
share theirs. First of all, as we
explained, everything here is optional.
Do whatever you're comfortable with.
Like, for example, this bill lowers drug
prices. If you say, "No, the poor
pharmaceutical companies. They're just
not making enough trillions of dollars."
So no no no I I want to pay more. Okay
then then or or you say you know what I
love the policy. I agree with the
policy. What we should pay the same as
the other developed nations on average
but since Trump uh proposes it then I
don't want to do it. Okay that's up to
you. All right. Everything is optional.
But my god imagine if we got lower drug
prices through this. Okay. So, um, got,
uh, word back from, um, further word
back from Representative Mark Pokean's,
uh, office that they are seriously
considering supporting this. I can't
speak for them and I don't know where
they're going to come out, but that's
good news. And so, Pokean's on the left,
Burchchett's on the right, Trump's
executive order, basically Democratic
policy. No reason for anyone to object.
By the way, even though this is such an
obvious layup, such a good example
because if you pull the voters on this,
it come in at over 90%.
It has five co-sponsors so far, just
five. Okay. But if we get it up to 100,
then it's going to start to become
undeniable. One thing at a time, let's
try to get one and then another and then
another and let's begin to use the
muscles of crowdsourcing. Right? So
now a lot of people by the way also
posted on X blue sky insta and Facebook.
Okay. And then somebody uh said that
they love the idea of the paper trail
for the uh members of Congress. How much
money did they take from the donors? And
did they vote with them? How did they
vote? So does it match? Like our guess
is it'll match about 98%. You might get
a random one or two, right? But overall
the the politicians you will see if we
do that effectively vote with their
donors nearly 100% of the time. So the
rest of politics is a joke. It's a it's
a BS movie that mainstream media is
playing for you. It's not real. What's
real is the money. So along those lines,
people liked it and uh on the discussion
board there was discussion around it and
uh they started calling it project paper
trail. Oh, I like that. So, uh,
so here it is. Project for progress
started it, uh, saying, "Hi everyone. I
urgently share this idea and ideas, but
I wanted to post it here, too, so we can
get a broader conversation going. Arpon
from TYT reached out to me. Turns out
he's a computer science teacher and he's
going to start working on this project.
I believe Jenk may have even mentioned
it on tonight's show, which I'll catch
up on tomorrow. The core idea is to
build a public tracker/database that
correlates voting records with campaign
contributions for each member of
Congress. Every governor and modern-day
presidents, Clinton through Trump, the
goal is to make it simple to navigate.
You'll be able to sort by lobby and
instantly see what percentage of each
politician's funding comes from each one
of those lobbies. It'll be similar to
Open Secrets, except you won't have to
dig through the data yourself. The money
will be shown right next to the voting
record. While writing this, I thought of
an even more powerful extension
combining with the Children of Gaza
Project. Okay, we'll get to that later.
So now um so I I I love this. Okay. Now
can we do this in a way that is
effective? So Cara, I don't know. Can
you text me and tell me if we got the
URLs so we can ask them about it? Um,
and then, um,
so guys, again, if you told me, "Hey,
Jenk, uh, find a bunch of web developers
and use AI to make this a much more
efficient system and then be able to
fact check it all by yourself or all by
ourselves here at TYT, it's too hard,
right? But if we all do it together, uh,
I'm hoping that it gets easier, right?
And so, I love the fact that you guys
are already working on it. I love that
we've got some coders on it. Look at
this heamrite. Thank you for uh joining.
Appreciate it. Um okay, we got it. Okay,
so Car, can you then send me the options
and we'll put it up in the live chat and
on tt.com.
So what we did was to make this project
happen, we bought a UR uh a bunch of
URLs uh just like we did with uh kids of
Gaza.com
uh and and others. Oh, poll's already up
on the homepage. Okay. But I need it. Um
I could just go to the homepage. So go
to tyt.com and you'll see the poll
there. But actually you don't even need
to go there because the live chat will
have it. Um so what we're going to ask
you to do guys is to vote on the name of
the URL. So we want this to be as um
inclusive as we can. So here are your
options. Uh get to voting both on
tyt.com and on the live chat.
boughtbills.com
to show you how the bills were bought by
the donors. um corruptionwatch. us,
track congress.com,
trackdonors.com,
trackcorruption us. So those are your
choices. Honestly, I'm indifferent. I
want you guys to pick. So we'll take a
look at it. We'll see if the voting
matches. We'll weigh the tt.com a little
bit heavier because that's where
Operation Hope started and that's where
the working group is from, etc. But uh
but I hopefully it'll be pretty obvious
and we'll pick one of those based on
what you suggest and then voila, we got
the URL and then if you want to
coordinate on building any of these
sites,
email hopeyt.com.
Okay, so that one we got to coordinate
because we got to somehow get you the
URL and get or allow you to be able to
edit within that URL. So, make sure
you're coordinating at hope@tyt.com.
Now, if you have ideas or you like these
ideas and you want to talk them through,
then you go to tyt.com/id.
That's where the discussion board is.
Okay. But guys, like mainly as you see
things happening.
Oh, Zayn said that he could car just
told me Zayn uh who is one of our
moderators said he could do the site.
So,
fingers crossed. I mean, I would love
it. And by the way, this is not
revolutionary in the sense that oh my
god, nobody's ever done this before.
Maybe they've never done anything like
this entire project, but in terms of me
asking for a website and then uh
somebody from Operation Hope creating
it, the original working group, there's
another guy named Michael there. He does
that all the time. So, he's done it a
bunch of times. So, let's see what we
come up with. Uh and let's see if it
can fact check it to by the way. We're
going to need that. who can uh do the
research for it, uh the building, the
AI, etc. Um, if this stuff starts to
work and people are using it, it's going
to be a beautiful day in America. And
guys, so how nonpartisan is this? I
don't care what you find about Democrats
or Republicans, right? So if it turns
out, oh my god, we found out that uh the
Democrats are following their donors
95%, Republicans are only following them
80%. Okay, well then that's what we
found out. Okay. So, but my guess is
they're both following their donors
about 98%. But that's the beauty of
this. I I'm not going to prejudge it. I
The facts matter 10 billion times more
than what I thought was going to happen.
Okay. Um
not us.
Oh, I see. I saw car is our communic
community director and she's
communicating me with me over text and
she wrote yo Gen Xer uh it's us not us
and at first I'm like who's Gen Xer like
Jen Xer sounds like some sort of
pharmaceutical drug that we would try to
lower the price of okay I'm like oh Jen
Xer that's me okay Marie Numis on all
right here comes representative Marie
Newman to tell us how to do this all
right uh former representative from
Illinois thank you for joining Yes, we
appreciate it.
>> Well, so good to be here.
>> Yeah, I like that we got a former US
Congressperson as part of the
revolution. Okay,
so um Marie, we want to influence uh the
folks in Congress from the outside. This
has been done before. John Stewart did
it uh with the first responders built
bill. He raised enough pressure, etc.
But when we go to contact members of
Congress, for example, let's do the drug
uh bill, right? So Ro Kana took Donald
Trump's executive order on, you know,
lowering drug prices to the same price
that developed nations pay for word for
word and turn it into a bill. And so it
should have everyone co-sponsor it. It's
a Trump executive order and it's
Democratic policy, but it only has five
co-sponsors. So we're all reaching out
and already hundreds of our uh viewers
have reached out to different
congressional people. But how should we
reach out? What should we do?
>> Yeah. you know, it's a little bit like
uh human interaction of all sorts,
right? Is that in person always works
best, right? So, go to their office if
you can, set up an appointment if you
can, and tell them what's on your mind.
And um folks, you do not have to be
steeped in knowledge of either the
pharmaceutical industry, healthcare
industry, or on policy. You can tell it
like it is. I would like my drugs to be
cheaper. This is it's as simple as that.
So, in person is always the most
powerful. However, you can do that. Um,
if you can, uh, and then in terms of the
hierarchy, actually just showing up
sometimes and letting the, uh, chief of
staff know, the district director know,
hey, I'm really worried about this. I
really would like our representative to
sponsor this bill. Will you please, uh,
get this note to him? They do have to,
by House rules, they do have to take
your name down and then actually enter
that information into a database and and
keep track of it. each member of the
house keeps track of how many folks have
spoken up on various issues. So, uh, all
types of in-person contact, showing up
at their office, setting up an
appointment, um, however you might do it
is really good. And then sometimes, you
know, like hanging out in their office,
like if they won't see you, just say,
"No, I'll wait." And if you hang out,
that's very powerful. Um, but then
obviously in the overall hierarchy of
things, a call is always better than an
email. email is better than social media
actually. Um, where you get great
traction I with social media is to get
others to do the calling and to showing
up. So, those are are some of the things
that actually work. Um, petitions are
okay. Um, I'm I'm not a big fan just
because they didn't particularly impact
me when I was in the House. Um, so I
wouldn't spend as much time on that, but
um, do contact them. It is. It's easy
and it does make a difference.
>> Okay, that's actually really encouraging
and I'm a little bit surprised by it.
So, first I want to review and then I
want to ask you about the inperson part.
So, you're saying in person, then
calling then email, then social media
for in order of effectiveness,
>> right?
>> Okay. So now the in-person part, um,
does it matter if it's their office in
DC or their office in their, uh,
district?
>> It doesn't really matter, honestly. Like
uh, now I will say if you're you have a
Republican member of Congress, it's a
problem, right? Because they're not even
going to their they're they're so afraid
of seeing constituents at this point,
they're rarely in their um, district
offices. uh district office is easier
and better and they have to spend as
much time there when they're in
district. So um going to the district
office is equal to going to DC. It don't
spend the money or the time or the
energy to go to DC. Go to their district
office.
>> Okay. And then if you get their chief of
staff, is that almost as good as getting
the congressperson and will the
congressperson actually see you? Like
because that's the part I'm surprised
by.
[Music]
Well, let me tell you from personal
experience. Um, so when I was part of
Mom's Demand Action, one of the things
we would do is show up at members
offices and sit there for five, six
hours. And sometimes you got lucky. You
really did. And um I used to do this
with school boards and with all kinds of
uh elected officials show up and say,
"Well, I'm not going anywhere." And you
know what? Sometimes you get lucky. Um
it's probably only 30% of the time. Um,
but to answer your question about chief
of staff is that they usually do like
remember they're public servants as well
and they're there to help you. Um, and
they're also genuinely I mean I would
say regardless of political stripe, they
do want to help people. They really do.
That's why they're doing that job. So do
give them all the information. And
again, you don't have to be completely
articulate in any one topic. Just tell
them, hey, this thing is bothering me
and I'd like my rep to sponsor this
bill. So, uh, you're giving me ideas,
which is of course always dangerous. Um,
so, so could people just keep swinging
by and being like, "Hey guys, we want to
remind you of HR 3493. Let's lower drug
prices. See you tomorrow."
>> 100% you can be a frequent flyer. Um, I
always used to tell uh people that were
uh trying to lobby me, I love that
you're a pleasant nuisance because I've
been a pleasant nuisance my whole life.
So, of course, don't get any like don't
be mad. Don't be
>> No, be respectful. Of course. Be
respectful, calm, kind, all of those
things, but also be firm. Um, let them
know like, well, I'm just going to sit
here then with a smile.
>> Yeah. And so now you gave me another
idea, which is maybe people should go
and have lunch at their district office
of their congress people like that. You
could make it a thing. Hey, let's go to
our see our congress person for lunch.
We'll hang out. He's probably not there,
but if he is or great. If he's not,
that's okay. We'll eat our lunch
together and we'll just say, "Hey, we
came to say lower drug prices again cuz
it's really important to us." And so,
and if it's a Republican, you say, "Can
someone get us an explanation of why
he's opposed to Trump's executive order,
>> right?
>> Cuz that's going to be a tough
explanation, right? And then if they're
a Democrat, can you get us an
explanation as to why a Democrat
wouldn't want lower drug prices?"
>> Yeah.
>> Right. And so I would love to see their
answer.
>> You and I know that answer, Chen.
>> Okay, go ahead. What's the answer?
>> Well, you know what the answer is?
>> I know, but I want you to the the
Democrats that are refusing to sign off
on uh cheaper drugs are the folks that
are getting pack money from healthcare
and pharmaceutical companies. I can
guarantee, and it's easy to find, go to
fec.gov. um if they've received money
from either of those entities or both,
which is often the case, they're likely
not going to love that particular bill.
>> You know, I in an ideal scenario, we get
a lot more Republicans first, 20, 30,
40, 50, whatever the number is. And I'll
tell you why. Because if the Republicans
are fighting like hell to lower drug
prices, that's going to embarrass the
Democrats,
>> right? Because the de I agree with
Marie. I I I think they're faking it. I
don't think that they actually want
lower drug prices. Uh but you got to
call their bluff, right? You you said
lower drug prices a billion times if
you're a Democrat, right? This is this
would definitively lower it. And by the
way, the reason why Roana turned it into
a bill is because if it's an executive
order, it could just get knocked down by
the courts, but if it's a bill, it can't
get knocked down. So that's why it only
has five co-sponsors cuz there
>> Congressman kind of um called this
bluff, too. It's like, so Trump knows
that he can't do anything, but it sounds
tough and um like he's trying to get
something done and then he can say, "Oh,
well, the the courts wouldn't allow me
to do it cuz you know, they um they
don't believe in me and you know, it's
just a problem, but I want you to have
cheaper drugs." When in reality, he knew
before he ever put pen to paper that
there was nothing he can do because it's
not binding and it's not a law.
>> So, okay. Uh now, back to the priority
order here. I hear you. If like three or
four people go uh to inside the office
and polite etc insistent great versus
three or four people in social media the
people in person definitely better but
what if it's three to four people in in
person but wait a minute you got a
thousand
tweets about this or you know
>> it does affect them I I don't want to
underplay it so much but in the overall
uh what they really keep track of like a
staffer is not going going to track the
number of tweets, but they will track
the number of calls and emails that they
receive.
>> So, when you were in Congress, so which
was not that long ago, but it just
everything is
>> Yeah, just two years ago, but it's
everything's speeding up so much. So, um
were people like it seems like the
Congress people now are maniacally on
social media, right? Right or wrong,
good or bad, right? So, was it the same
way before? And do you know, do they
mainly check X? Do they mainly check
like do they themselves check anything
or is it just the staffers?
staffs are looking for. So on social
media, it's not such a science, right?
They're saying, you know, well, gosh, it
feels like a lot more are on this side
of this issue versus this side of the
issue, right? That they'll report that
back to their um to their principal, the
the member of Congress. Um members of
Congress tend there's some that are on I
I don't even know how they get a job
done because they're on so much. It's
wild. Um and it kind of depends on the
topic. So when it comes to calling them
out on a specific bill um where you can
say uh you know House Bill uh 9447
um is something we want you to vote for
and it's simple then X probably is a way
to do that whether it's Republican or
Democrat. Um if it is a longer issue and
you need a little more time to talk
about it, you might want to choose a
different platform. Um, increasingly I'm
seeing a few things happen is that um,
more and more people are getting off X.
So that's, you know, it's not as popular
to have those discussions, but there's
still lots of fighting um, that goes on
there. Um, threads is probably um, like
the the one that's growing the fastest
in terms of overall aggregate. And then
uh, Blue Sky and Substack, right? Um,
but I will tell you Blue Sky and
Substack I think are going to blow right
by threads when they get a little bit
more traction. So, um, Facebook is
really for like organizing when you're,
um, when you are a, you know, an
indivisible group or a 50-51 group or a
move on group and you're trying to get
um, an event together or have a member
of Congress show up and and talk and
answer questions, town halls, that kind
of thing. I think that's more powerful.
But, um, you it's it's not that social
media is not good. It's just not alone.
It's not as powerful. It has to live
with um the in-person the calls and the
emails together. It's much more
powerful.
>> Yeah. So, I love this tutorial you're
giving us. So, one more question for
now. Um so, okay, we do all this stuff,
but okay, as we talked about earlier, we
know what the real issue is, which is
that they're taking an enormous amount
of money from the drug companies, and
they're not going to want to give that
up, right? So, that means we just one or
two ain't going to get the job done,
right? And and in fact, you know, a
couple of dozen people might not get the
job done even if they go in person and
they do everything right. Although you
might be surprised. But okay, what I
wanted to ask you is
what do you think is a tipping point?
Like when does it get to a point where
the member of Congress goes, "Whoa,
okay, we got to pay attention to this."
It Yeah.
>> Right. I I I think that when there is a
bill
um that so when bills get traction um
and they're popular with members of
Congress, you know, right away because
75 sponsors will jump on right away. So
if it's something that's benign and not
controversial, usually they jump right
on that thing, right? But if there's any
amount of controversy around it, um
there's a bunch of different tools at
your um disposal. I always like to go
visit with members and and kind of pitch
my idea to them before I ever put the
bill together, then send it to what they
what is called ledge council. And those
are the um folks, the lawyers inside the
US House of Representatives that
actually draft it like it's a draft the
law. So it's, you know, the the
legislative bill is the law language,
right? Um and so
when some when it does get jumped on,
it's usually a more benign bill. when it
takes a lot of convincing, you know,
in-person meetings, pressure from
outside, you have a bunch of tools. You
can get your activist um uh
relationships engaged and um start to
influence various members of Congress.
You can have friends of yours in
Congress that are other members that are
friendly with members to pressure them
to do it. You can have leadership
pressure them. You can have other
outside groups uh pressure them. So the
the tipping point usually comes when all
of those groups and entities are really
pushing hard. And as an example, right
now I would say that um that while the
Democrats probably really can't get
anything through right now, um I do see
pressure on Democrats to stop taking
Apac and Democratic majority for Israel
and 314 science um money because it's
basically all Apac money. Um I think
more and more are um signing on to the
pledge to not take any of that bully
pack money. So that's an example where
all those groups really pressured and
I've seen a tipping point just in the
last four or five months.
>> Yeah. No, to your point and by the way
uh Representative Newman was a leader in
that category. She voted against uh one
of the funding bills for Israel and uh
and Apac and the Israeli lobby attacked
her and part of the reason she lost. But
she knew that those were the risks and
she took the she was courageous enough
and patriot patriotic enough to do that.
And the fruits of your labor have begun
uh to to be evident now because Seth
Molton today said that he will no longer
take Apac money and that he is going to
return the Apac money he took earlier.
And that is so shocking because Seth
Molton is one of the more conservative
establishment Democrats in the country.
>> Sure. lovely guy, by the way, but he has
always been conservative and really did
what he was told by Apac, right? So,
>> yeah.
>> See, that's compelling to me. I I mean,
I I've seen uh um a lot of folks in the
New Dem caucus, which is kind of the
middle of the road caucus. There's the
progressive caucus, new Dems, and then
the um Bulldogs, right? Um
I have seen more and more um of the new
Dem saying I I'm not taking that money
anymore and I'm not supporting um giving
Israel more bombs. Like I I'm many have
signed on to uh Congresswoman uh Delia
Ramirez's um stop the bombs bill. Um
that has been heartening. So um and
we'll see how this quote unquote
ceasefire goes, right? Let's see.
>> Yeah. Uh, look man, man.
Ma'am, look ma'am.
>> Albert.
>> Um,
we're making progress in ways that are
actually a little bit shocking. The the
I wouldn't I'm wouldn't have guessed
this in a long time. On the other hand,
the genocide has been so horrific that
it's really it's jarred even a lot of
the callous politicians in the right
direction. All right. You know, I we
we're kind of out of time, but I I got
to ask you just last thing here cuz you
mentioned it. First of all, thank you
for pointing out the organizations. I'd
kind of forgotten about that. So, if we
can that's another good way to go. We
can get
>> Absolutely.
>> Right. If we get Democratic or
left-leaning organizations or
right-wingleaning or or Republican
organizations to push, that'll also
help. So, that's another avenue we have
to create pressure. Uh so the last uh
substantive question I wanted to ask was
about the media because I forgot to ask
that. How much of an effect does that
have if all of a sudden either CNN is
talking about it or Joe Rogan is talking
about it etc.
>> Oh I think the brophere the podcasters
have a lot of impact on everyday folks
but um just remember it's it's the um
kind of the secudous route to the rep.
So, every time one of those big
podcasters, the call your daddy lady and
the I've had it ladies and Joe Rogan and
uh uh Theo and all of these characters,
um they're impacting and motivating uh
their listeners, right? And then those
listeners motivate the rep. So, it's
just another route to getting um
constituents to activate.
>> Okay. All right. So, media
organizations, more roots. And lastly,
Marie, um, look, if you, everything here
is optional, and you were so wonderful
to join us to begin with, so I hate to
give you a homework assignment, uh,
okay, but if you got one of your former
colleagues, don't name anyone because we
don't want to put them on the spot,
right? To say yes to HR 3493 and
co-sponsor it.
explain to them that there would be
fireworks here, like we would endanger
the fire code and like and they would be
heroes and celebrated, right? And it's
and it's easy. It's lowering drug
prices. So, if if you help us get one on
the board, you'll be an even bigger
American hero. Uh because you really are
one already. I And I'm not joking.
>> And I I it's funny. I have had
conversations about that and um they
never bring up the corporate pack money
or the money associated with the
associations that provide pack money.
But it is that I can just tell folks out
there it's the pack money.
>> Yeah, there you go. She was in Congress.
She knows it. It's definitive. It's
empirical. It's true. Marie Newman,
you're amazing. Thank you for joining
us. We really appreciate it.
>> Have a great night, guys.
>> All right. You too. All right. Uh so
last things, guys. Um, so, uh, number
one, uh, I'm going to read more of these
tomorrow because I we're close out of
time, but, um, but we got a bunch of
folks that came up with good ideas. One
of them, uh, reached out to a state rep
on the populist plank and got a long
letter back. Reaching out works. It
works. And by the way, Wolfpack did this
for a long, long time, very
successfully, especially at the state
rep level. So, you know what, guys? You
know, I'm going to do a bonus episode
for the members. I'll tell you a story
of
reaching out to politicians being a
spectacular success. And it was my dad
who did it. So, you'll see and you'll
go, "Wow, really?" That was when
democracy worked a little bit better.
But that's I'll save that for the
members because they're awesome. And
lastly here on um the battle has joined.
You know, we had Marine Newman as a
former congresswoman from Illinois join
us today. On Monday, uh Keith Knight is
going to join us. Well, who's Keith
Knight? He's the managing editor at the
Libertarian Institute.
Here comes the Libertarians.
The battle has joined. All right. I love
this. And we're making some progress
here. And uh and then I'm looking
forward to that on Monday. I'm looking
forward to telling you guys more about
the progress we made internally and
externally and reaching reps tomorrow
same time of course 8:00 Eastern uh
right after the show 6:00 to 8:00 p.m.
Eastern of course is the Young Turks.
Okay, go straight to the bonus episode.
Right. So for those of you who are
members, stay right here. We're going
straight to the bonus episode even
without a break.
And here we are.
Okay, so you got to be quick on this
one. and you got to be on the member
stream or switch over quickly. Uh so for
the since this is our first day doing it
without a break, I'll I'll give a a
pause here a slight second. Okay, now
I'll start. Okay, so my dad used to
write letters all the time. Uh and
that's how people communicated back
then. No email, no social media, etc. So
back in Turkey, he would write letters
to CEOs of companies. I think this is
what you should do, right? He would
write letters to the prime minister. And
back then there was like 13 people
writing letters to politicians and
people. So they'd be like, "Whoa, look,
I got a letter here. Huh? Some rando
farmer from southeastern Turkey wrote
this in." And then they would write
back. And so my dad like believed,
"Well, that that's the right answer,
right? I mean, and he had such amazing
success with it. CEOs of major companies
would write into this poor kid. Like he
wasn't a kid at that point. at that
point he'd already you know gone through
uh school and become a mechanical
engineer but he was tiny like he they
had no business responding to him right
but they would because they were so like
genuinely moved by his letter and he had
good ideas etc. So anyways, he comes to
America and he starts writing letters
again. So I'm like, "Dad, it's not
really like the 1950s
and60s in Turkey. Now a lot of people
are writing it." Now this is the 1990s.
We're still not in social media era,
right? But I'm like, it's not as likely
to work, right? And then later when I
became a um a talk show host, he's like,
why you don't write letter to Ahmed
Ardan? have him help you. Who's Ahmed
Ardun? He's like a legendary music
producer. Uh, and he worked with some of
the biggest acts in American history at
the beginning of rock, etc.
How is he going to get me a radio talk
show? But my dad thought just write
letter, he will do it. Okay. So, in the
1990s, he writes a letter to the
governor uh of New Jersey where we live,
the governor Florio uh and he says, and
some of you again have heard this story,
but a lot of you haven't. Uh we used to
live in East Brunswick and his uh office
was in Eatontown, and there's a big
stretch of Route 18 in New Jersey
between East Brunswick and Eatentown.
And it it in the East Brunswick version
portion of that road, it's nothing but
strip malls, right? But once you get
outside of East Brunswick, it turns into
a long stretch of road that's just trees
on both sides, a little grass divider in
the middle. So, I mean, it's beautiful
in the fall, but overall boring, right?
There isn't anything there at all. And
so, my dad writes a letter, "Dear
Governor Florio, I am bored by this
road. Okay? I have been driving 40
minutes a day for the last 10, 20 years.
I have idea." Okay. So, what was his
idea? He's like, "Look, he's a practical
guy. He runs a business, etc. He's an
engineer." He's like, "Nothing too
fancy, okay? Just wild flowers." He
said, "Why don't you put wild flowers on
the divider, the grass divider between
the two sides of the road?" Right? It's
like kind of perfect because it's big
enough as a space that you could put the
flowers there, but not so big that it's
impractical, right? So, I'm like, "All
right, Dad. Good luck. See how it goes.
Then I'll be damned if one day we're not
driving down Route 18." And there are
wild flowers like you wouldn't believe
for miles and miles and miles. Gorgeous
wild flowers. They did it.
He got Governor Florio wrote back,
"Great idea. We're going to do it or we
did it." And yeah, we saw I saw him with
my own eyes. You know what? Maybe it's
my dad who's just the greatest person
you've ever met. Like we I did an
interview with him a long long time ago,
but I still remember a lot of the
comments like like sure progressives
loved him, etc. But Casser was writing
how a no good some like you come
out of a wonderful man like that. Okay.
And no one believes in the American
dream more than my dad does. And when I
so maybe I got the idea that maybe you
could make a difference in the world
from my dad, right? And in terms of
politics, I saw it with my own eyes. So
wild flowers all over DC.
Honest politicians would be our wild
flowers. It's very, very improbable,
more impressive, more spectacular. But
that's what we're going to try to do.
All right. And thank you, Dad, for
keeping hope alive. Uh, so sometimes the
letters do work. So let's keep going,
guys. All right. Much love. We'll see
you tomorrow.
You heard it with your own eyes.
[Applause]
[Music]