This is my father-in-law's garage.
Pretty nice on the outside, but on the
inside, it's an absolute mess. So, today
we're going to be transforming this
messy garage into his dream home golf
simulator. And we're going to be showing
you guys how you can build your own
dream home golf simulator from scratch
on a budget in five easy steps. Let's
get into it. Now, before we get into
step one, I want to tell you guys this
is going to be different than most of
the videos coming out right now. The
other videos coming out right now are
going to be more pre-built enclosures.
So, no, when I say we're showing you how
to build a custom premium DIY build,
that's what we mean. We're going to be
showing you how to build this in your
own place from scratch and it's not a
pre-built enclosure. So, with that being
said, let's get into step one, how to
build the enclosure. All right, so step
one is determining how big do you want
your enclosure to be before you build
the enclosure. So, minimum space for a
golf simulator would probably be 11 feet
of width, 9 and 1/2 ft of height, and 16
feet of depth. Now, we've gone a little
bit bigger here. We have about 14 ft of
width. This room is kind of endless on
the depth. And then we have 10 ft of
height. And then we built this structure
to fit the dimensions that we're talking
about. So, we're going to show you how
to do this part if you're someone who's
not really experienced in kind of home
projects. So, basically, you get 2x4
studs, right? And then how did you build
the structure to put the OSB over top?
How does that work? Yeah, so it's studs
that are uh two 2x4s 16 inch on center
and then glued to the ground and then up
and then kind of built the wall kind of
in in in a way that it would be solid on
the other side of this wall or shell is
shelving. So it gives it kind of a solid
um a solid back backdrop. You can
actually see here guys, it's just a
basically a 2x4 stud that goes all the
way across the ground. It's glued,
right? Construction adhesive, right?
And then to get the other studs in, do
you nail those, screw those? What's the
Yeah. So, you put your base plate down
and then the wall uh two 2x4 studs, you
are nailing them to kind of the bottom
plate and then the OSB kind of combined
with the shelf gives it kind of just a a
really solid I don't know what the word
is, but just, you know, so it so it
doesn't move on you.
Right. Right. And then you nailed the
OSB in.
Right. Cool. Now, one of the things I
want to go over really quickly is you're
going to see there's no space for the
screen. Because my father-in-law put the
shelving behind it, he wanted that back
part to be a solid wall, but he could
have just built in an opening for the
screen right there. But because he
didn't, we're going to build the space
for the screen about a foot offset from
the wall. And all he had to do to build
that space for his screen was run studs
up the side. And so, basically to do
that, all you need to do is construction
adhesive on the one side of the stud.
So, you glue it to the wall and then
you're going to nail or screw in those
studs to build that frame. And then last
but not least, to build the ceiling,
one, make sure it's 10 ft off the
ground. If it's not going to be 10 ft
off the ground for your ceiling, I would
only go like 5 ft out with that ceiling.
And then what you're going to do is just
build a frame similar to what you did
for the back wall. And you'll attach it
using the same methods we've shown
earlier. So, what we're going to do now
is we're going to start putting these
vinyl custom panels onto the enclosure
to kind of finish out that part of the
build. Now, we're going to show you guys
how to build these in a little bit. If
you buy these pre-made, they're
extremely expensive. If you build them
yourself, they're timeconuming, but save
you a ton of money and look awesome. I
think these are the pieces that take a
simulator from, okay, it's cool to it
looks incredible. And so, we're going to
do that now, and then we'll show you
guys how it works. All right. So, first
step to get the panels onto the ceiling
part. Basically, what Ryan and Tren are
going to do is they're going to go up
there and then they're just going to
screw them in. So, they're just going to
get a screw that's long enough to get
through the stud into the back of the
panel. But, you don't want to pierce the
wood and, you know, have a nail in the
foam part where a ball could hit it and
split the vinyl. So, you got to find the
exact screw measurement that's going to
get through your stud and then into the
back of the panel without going through
it. Are you going to screw Velcro into
the studs basically or just the the
wall? You're thinking?
Yeah. So, I think I'm going to put the
Velcro on to match where it is on the
panel and then I'll staple it um kind of
in.
Okay. So, you staple the Velcro in and
that allows you to attach these so they
don't come off. Nice. All right, guys.
We are slowly but surely coming
together. We have a few pieces that we
couldn't build with the wall panels
until the very end, until we knew how
everything fit. So, what we're going to
do now is build some of those last
pieces. Now, I have a video that's going
to show you how to build these step by
step. I'll link that right now. Again,
it's a simple process, but it takes some
time, takes a lot of staples, but it's
going to save you a ton of money. Now,
here's a little time lapse of what it
looked like from start to finish. Here
is the beginning, and here is the end
when we finally finished attaching all
the wall panels. Next, onto the impact
screen.
Guys, we have finally reached the last
part of step one, the impact screen.
We're going to put this bad boy up, make
it look nice and neat, and get us on our
way. Now, attaching the impact screen is
fairly easy. You take these ihooks,
screw them into the wall 18 in apart,
take bungees, tarp clips, and then just
tarp clip them to the screen. If you
have any overlap, just fold it over and
tarp clip that part. But we're not quite
done yet because there's one huge piece
you need to pay attention for. And so,
one of the biggest pieces, guys, is just
to make sure that you have some overlap
for your impact screen. So, I'll overlay
some B-roll right now, but essentially
what we're going to do is we're going to
put a wall panel that sticks out a
little farther than this. And it's going
to hide the bungee, the tarp clip, and
the impact screen so that the impact
screen overlaps and you don't have a gap
with your impact screen where a ball
could shoot through. Now, one thing we
got to say in every video, guys, we had
this whole elaborate story. We found
these guys on Reddit that sell golf
impact screens for like 50% off. It's an
insane deal. First time we did it,
people were just like, "Oh yeah, just
PayPal these guys and they'll send it to
you." So we just like PayPal these
random dudes. And then a few weeks
later, Impact Screen showed up. So if
you guys want the half off impact
screen, not everyone knows about it, but
we will send you the contact if you
email us at
golfbustersofficial@gmail.com.
Now, we finally finished the enclosure,
so it is time for step two, the
flooring. This part's actually pretty
simple, and you can get all the products
in the description below. What you're
going to need is these 1-in interlocking
foam tiles. These are basically puzzle
pieces. So, you just put these together.
And then you get your turf. You lay your
turf down. I like to use carpet tape on
the edges to help keep it in place. Then
you cut the edge of the turf. And that's
pretty much it. But actually, it's not.
Pause. Hitting strip. We'll show you how
to do that as well. You want a different
hitting strip material. That's the
expensive like inch thick turf. And then
the regular turf. I mean, you're not
going to hit off it. So, you just want
it to look nice. So, we got like a $1.50
a square foot turf for this build. Looks
really nice. Can you putt on it? Yes. Is
it perfect putting turf? No. If you want
a little more expensive putting turf,
you can go with that. But really, the
most important part is that hitting
strip. Yeah. And we'll finish that out
right now. All right. As we finish up
step two with the turf and the flooring,
we're going to move on to step three.
One of the most important steps, the
launch monitor, the thing that is going
to power your golf simulator. Now, if
you're interested in which one to get,
we have a bunch of videos that go over
our top five favorite ones, best budget
ones, and I'll link these here and down
below in the description. But for this
specific setup, we need to call in a
little help. So, I'm going to call my
friend Chris Reagan, who works at Play
Better, and he's going to recommend what
launch monitor he thinks we should get
for this situation. Hey, got a question
for you. So, we're building a golf
simulator in my father-in-law's garage.
Looking for a device under probably
$4,000. I'm wondering which one you
think would be the best fit. We got
enough width for lefties and righties.
Um, but mostly going to be righties in
this situation and just want to hear
your thoughts.
So, I was thinking about what you said.
So, you're looking for a launch monitor
that's under 4,000. Um, works well for
left and right. And I know you had
mentioned before that you're going to be
hitting a little closer to the screen.
And so, that last one takes radar out of
the mix. We're going to have to um focus
on the phototric. I mean, I think I got
to go SkyRack Plus on this one. I mean,
it has fantastic simulation. The data is
just increasing every single time they
uh release a new update, especially
because they're, you know, partnered
with Golf Tech. So, it's it's hard to
beat, honestly, for what you're looking
for. I think Sky Track Plus is the one.
All right, guys. We're going Sky Track
Plus for Pops. Now, whatever launch
monitor you decide to get, we can get it
for you as cheap as possible if you use
our discount codes and links in the
description. All right, guys. At this
point, we should be on to step four, the
projector. But my father-in-law made one
of the biggest mistakes you can make.
And I know you viewers at home are not
going to make the same mistake he made.
So we'll explain a little bit about what
happened and how we fixed it. What was
the key mistake Pops made in the
projector?
So the projector at a certain distance
it gets wider and wider. So when dad if
you kind of look up here the shot of it
or whatever. So he just like wanted as
close to the screen as possible, not
checking the projector on how wide and
how tall it can go on the picture. So
So basically what Trent's saying is
every projector to fill a certain screen
size. They all are different. It's not
like one sizefits-all. They all to fit,
you know, let's say his 14 ft of width
here, it's got to be a certain distance
away, right? And he
he essentially didn't like check it
before,
right? So
that's right, Derek. I didn't check it
before,
but like how do you how do you know? How
do you know?
Well, I think I I think I think before
you put it up, you're supposed to hold
it,
you know, up there and you're supposed
to like, you know, kind of check at, you
know, at the certain, you know, the
number of feet away.
So, last time we were here, guys, we
made a huge mistake. The projector where
it sat basically a shadow a shadow would
show on the screen. it. Basically, we
had to hit a little closer to the screen
so that you didn't sky it up top there.
So, we needed to switch up projectors.
And that's why we say it's so important
that you take the time to get the right
projector. So, we're going to link this
one here. What we really like about
this, it sits directly over the ball.
Now, sometimes you would worry with
projectors like, oh, I don't want to hit
it with my swing. But, if you are
directly over top of where you're
hitting, since the swing is on an arc,
you're never going to have any issues.
So, we're good with the projector. We
moved it close enough to now we don't
have to worry about hitting up top
there. And then the last and final part
that I really like here, no bumper on
the bottom. And what we did is we took
Velcro, put Velcro on the impact screen,
velcro on the floor, and we velcroed
this down. So it still has some give.
It's not going to be too tight where it
ricochets back. But the big thing with
this is now right when that hits, it's
going to stay tight right there. All
right, guys. Last step, and one of the
most important steps, the laptop. You're
going to want to spend at least $1,000
to get a high-quality laptop to be able
to run those golf simulator programs.
Because we have the Skyrack Plus, you
could use a MacBook, but you already
know we're going with the gaming PC.
Come on, check it out, guys. So, that is
how to build a custom DIY simulator on a
budget. If you guys need some help,
email us at
golfbustersofficial@gmail.com.
And if you guys want some discount
codes, use our codes and links below.