Okay, this morning on my recommendation,
uh the cabinet agreed practical changes
to make the superanuation system
stronger, fairer, and more sustainable.
Uh there are six main changes to the
proposal that we put forward a couple of
years ago. Uh the first one is to
increase the low-inccome superanuation
tax offset the LISTO to increase it from
$500 to $810
and also to raise the eligibility from
37,000 cut off to 45,000 in 2027 to
coincide with the government's third uh
tax cuts. Uh this will mean more
superanuation for 1.3 million
Australians of whom 60% are women. It
means the total number of eligible
Australians for the listto will become
3.1 million. Uh and by one uh realistic
calculation uh it means about an extra
$15,000
uh at retirement. Uh the second change
is to introduce uh two thresholds for
the better targeted superanuation tax
concessions. Uh the first threshold is
$3 million. The second threshold is $10
million.
uh for superanu earnings on super
balances between three and $10 million
the rate remains 30%. Uh the rate for
over $10 million uh becomes uh 40%. So
this is still a concessional tax
arrangement but it's better targeted. Uh
it will still only impact less than half
a percent of Australians.
uh with the updated years and taking
into considerations earnings uh this
means about 90,000 Australians next year
will have more than $3 million in their
super and about 8,000 will have more
than $10 million. Uh and you'd be aware
in recent weeks and months that people
have been recommending a cap to us for
super. uh this uh second threshold at
$10 million is really instead of uh
going down that path. Uh the third
change is to index both of these
thresholds to maintain relativity with
the transfer balance cap which was
introduced by the coalition. The
transfer balance cap is indexed to CPI.
uh these thresholds uh will be indexed
to the transfer balance cap uh to
maintain an appropriate relativity uh
between uh the two sets of thresholds.
Uh we have uh always had in our back
pocket uh uh this indexation or an
indexation like this uh in order to get
it through the parliament. Uh we have
also always said to you uh publicly and
privately uh that we expect uh future
governments would have lifted the old
threshold. Uh here we are indexing that
to make that clear indexing both
thresholds. The fourth set of changes is
to apply these new tax arrangements to
realized gains.
uh and I'll come back in a moment to the
uh future work the extra work that we
will do uh in consultation with the
sector uh to implement that change. Uh
the fifth change is made necessary uh by
uh those other changes which is a
one-year delay uh to consult and bed
down the changes and then ideally
legislate them as soon as we can in
2026.
Uh so pushing the start date from the
middle of this year to the middle of
next year in order to do a bit more
consultation to bed down the changes and
to legislate the changes. Uh for all of
these changes we're announcing today,
the new start date becomes 1 July 2026
except for the LISTO change which is
timed in 2027 to coincide with the
government's third tax cuts. The sixth
one is to better align the treatment of
federal judges defined benefits
interests with the existing
constitutional exemptions for state
judges. Uh judges might have a bunch of
different super uh accounts. This is
really about uh the judges pension
scheme to make sure that there is um
better aligned treatment of federal and
state judges when it comes to their
defined benefit interests.