W sling that slung way more than I
thought. Two days ago, this brown box
appeared at my front door and all it had
on the side was this logo, Oxomity Golf.
And straight away, I knew exactly what
it was. It's what the internet is saying
is the most impossible to slice driver.
Big claim. and could be taking the crown
as one of the most forgiving drivers
with no fluff, just facts that make it
work. And it's funny because a few days
earlier, I jumped on a Zoom call with
Matthew, the owner of Oxomity Golf. And
all I would say is when I spoke to him,
you could tell he wasn't chasing trends.
He told me that they've been quietly
developing this driver behind the
scenes. He couldn't get his head around
why there was technology in this driver
that the big brands had stayed away
from. And you know what? I was like, I
can't give you the answer to that. So,
over the next three holes, we're going
to play worst ball with this driver and
see if it is the most impossible to
slice driver or it's just like all these
others that promise the same thing and
they just severely let us down. And at
the end of this video, I'm going to give
it a gold, silver, or bronze rating.
Plus, we have data on this thing. That
includes ball speed, club head speed,
carry, and total distance, plus the
dispersion, and that, my friends, is an
interesting one. It was just raining for
a minute there, so I had to take some
shelter. But without further ado, all
I've done is actually open this box. I
haven't got it out yet. And well, this
is something I wanted to do with you,
because one of the things with this
driver is just the way it looks the
first time in the flesh with you. Wa.
What's that? This is like something you
get on a fancy pair of trainers. Almost
like a tag. And it has Oxomity on it.
Almost like a an official branding. On
the back here, a little bit more
information. And what I do really like
is this sort of tag here. First
impression. It feels premium. And that's
the point because this driver is
expensive. And what I mean by that, it
competes with this Whoa.
Look at that. It competes with the likes
of your Tailor Made, the likes of your
Callaway and the likes of your Ping, but
yet it's a brand and a shape that looks
incredibly strange. Few final details.
Again, really nice branding on the
bottom of the head cover. And here it's
not leather. It is a plasticky feel with
their logo on the side. But thumbs up
for the head cover. Have you ever seen
anything like that before? Like I'd seen
the images online, but when you get it
in person and when you first put it down
on the ground, look at the neck. Look at
the neck there. That's incredible.
That is incredible. Now, there is reason
for this. It's a very expensive process
to get a neck like that. I know that
because it just feels like if you didn't
weld it right, it would fall off. Like
the head would go. And this is the
technology we're going to be exploring
today. Look at that. Just look at it
from the side there. And that's the
weirdest angle. Without further ado,
let's take this tape off if we can.
Really going to climax that. Oh, here we
go. Whoa. Okay. So, you've got a heel
weighting system in here and a weight at
the back. Very minimalistic bottom to
this driver. Face with a little bit of
details. And then this ridge here, which
is this neck, which is the biggest
amount of offset I've ever seen. Other
little details that you've got, you've
got their logo, which is a really nice
little touch there that it symbolize the
middle and then this slight accent
around with this matte finish. We have
got a hit. My immediate thoughts here
are that we have to be playing golf down
that left hand side. That is so crazy to
look at. That's the view you get from
here. And what they say this is is for
progressive face offset. Right, without
further ado, I'm very nervous about
this. I feel like I don't know what I
feel. I have no idea what to expect.
This is the craziest looking driver I've
ever seen. I'm going to give it some
leeway. I'm going to aim up that right
just because there's out of bounds down
the left here.
Wa! Look at it sling. Look at it sling.
That slung way more than I thought. It's
okay. We're in the rough. for playing
worse ball. Now, that noise was unlike
any noise. It was almost like I imagine
like an old ping from 15 years ago
sounded or remember the Nike Sashquatch
driver? Quite tiny, quite loud. And you
did feel the feedback up the club more
than I thought I would. Okay, that was
interesting. Right, remember we're doing
worse ball here. That is the idea of
this video. Playing three holes and
worst ball. And there's water involved
in one of these holes.
Look at that again. They're both two
aggressive draws. Both out the middle.
Aggressive draws. Wow. Now, for me, as a
golfer that plays a slight draw anyway,
well, let's say neutral flight, I should
see that. For this to be success for
someone, let's say like you who does
slice city it, I want to be seeing quite
an aggressive draw. And we got that
right there. Oh, we got that right
there. And there's something really
interesting I want to talk to you about.
You might be one of those golfers who
rips their irions and potentially can
even draw their irions, but when it
comes to driver, it goes to the right.
Now, oxomity, say, is something very
interesting. Let me share this image
right here with you. In fact, I'll zoom
it in. Let me pause because it's
shaking. Okay, you can see this image
right here. Now, what this is showing is
that most irons that me and you buy,
even the tour players, they have some
face progressive offset. So, what that
means is as you go from your short irons
to your long irons, they get
progressively more offset to help you
hit it straighter. But then when you get
to a driver, that doesn't exist. And you
can see that right here. So, resulting
in a ball that starts right, slices, and
we find it really hard to square the
face. Whereas with this driver, it has
face progressive offset like ridiculous
amounts to the point where you're
looking down on it thinking this is the
most bizarre thing I have ever seen in
my life. But my question to you is would
you actually they're perfectly down the
left. I mean not perfectly down the left
but you can throw a blanket over where
they finished. My question to you is
sorry do you care what it looks like if
it performs? Let's throw that out there
in the comments. Let me know what you
think. And then, you know, like when you
get your driver, what oxomies say is
that you have to change your stance a
lot, which as a golf coach, I know for a
fact that you do. What they say is with
this driver, that is not the case. You
do not need to do that. They didn't end
up half bad. See what I mean? You could
throw a huge blanket over them. They are
decent. And just to put that in
perspective, this is where we hit it.
The tea is down here, and we just hit it
down the left. So we had that really
nice draw curvature. I was aiming
towards this bunker and it drew in
nicely. So we managed to hit a four iron
from 191 to about 20 ft and nearly hold
the putt. But a par on the stroke index
one hole is not a bad start. And I've
been thinking what would it have to take
for this driver to get a goal rating for
me. Every single one of these shots over
the next two holes, plus the first two
that we've already hit, has to be a draw
shape. No ifs, no buts, has to be a draw
shape. Every time I take this off, I
always wonder like, look at it. So,
let's dive into a little bit more of
this technology because I'm looking at
it here and you can almost see it's like
an offset I've never seen before. And
they're calling it AIM technology and it
stands for it's almost like the face is
not like it's there but then it comes
back on that angle and sorry it stands
for aligned impact mechanism and it's
the solution to swing consistency.
That's what they say and it ensures the
face progression. So, this here is the
same from your irons, your wedges, all
the way through to your driver, like I
was saying before. And I think that
image there shows a really good version
of what this technology does. You can
see the amount of offset here or the
face progressive offset compared to your
irons is very, very similar and then
into what we had as a normal driver is
well, completely different. Now, I know
this is just images and there are hugely
bold claims. So that's what we're here
to find out and see if it's a gold,
silver, a bronze, and something you
could definitely consider buying. So
we're level par right now and we have
chosen the 15th hole. Like the last
hole, you have to be seriously precise
off the tea. We're using the worst ball
and we play in from there. Now,
Matthew's claims so far, I think some of
them are ringing true. This is
technology that I I've not seen and I
think it's a seriously and what I mean
by this daring thing to do because it is
so different. Look at it. Remember what
I said for this to be a gold every
single one of these has to be that draw
shape. Here is our shot.
That's a three yard draw. The feedback
of this club, you know, when you've hit
it like that for me was maybe just
slightly high in the face, but I did I
feel it in my hands a little bit. And
it's not like you get it thin, but you
do feel it. And the noise that is
offputting if you ask me, that noise.
Well, there's three drives. Absolutely
dialed in.
Really interesting. That was bullet
straight, but I want to cave it. That
didn't draw. It was hit slightly out the
heel and it went bullet straight. Now,
for me, when I hit it out the heel on my
driver, put it in perspective, it goes
like this, way off to the right, which
I'm sure you've had happen to yours.
That's an interesting measure. Now, I
still hold it by this. Everyone has to
draw to be a gold standard. But I'm
thinking right now, that was out the
heel and it still went straight.
Interesting. Now, what I also want to
show you is this. I dug this out the
garage. This is what I thought was a
massive anti-slice driver before seeing
this. Let me grab this out of here. So,
this is a to edge and it's the 525
series and it's the X525.
So, that is what I thought was a crazy
amount of offset until you put it next
to the Oxomity Golf. So, this is what
has offset on the left whereas this is
what has face progressive offset. And
the simple things are offset on the left
driver here from the tall edge is
measured from the front edge of the
shaft to the leading edge. Whereas the
progressive offset is measured from the
center of the shaft here on the oximity
golf which gives it a hugely different
neck. You know what the process of
making that I keep banging on about it
but until you see this in your hand it's
almost like a pipe that goes into a
radiator. It's very long this neck and
the angle. It must have been cast this
in order to achieve that. Also, let me
know if that is actually a test you want
me to do in the future on the difference
between the oxomity and that tor edge.
Both drivers promise to eradicate that
slice and help you hit it way
straighter. Both go about it in the same
but very different ways. So, right now
we're on the 15th hole and I've just
seen how far this gold ball is going.
And on that note, let's go through some
of the stats of how this performed on
the range. And what's really
interesting, when I was doing a little
bit of research on this Golf Monthly,
very big trusted publication, they said
the distance wasn't quite up there with
the big boys in golf. So, I had to see
if that was the case. Now, the first
place I want to start with these stats
is this right here, the dispersion. You
can see the center line and the drives
that I hit are all to the left of that
ever so slightly. Now, remember, for
this to be a gold standard, we said it
had to have that curve like the few that
I've hit. We baby draws. It's almost
like a cheat code. It feels like a
little bit right now. So, first pretty
good. Next, this is a big thing. The
average carry 251.4.
Now, as I always say with these tests, I
want to make sure you know what we're
doing it with. These balls were hit with
driving range golf balls here at Motram
Hall. Right now, which is why we're
measuring it from the tea with the GPS,
we're using a golf ball that I would use
in a round in a tournament, the Vice
Pro. So, we will see slight
discrepancies between them, but what I'm
trying to say is every time we test, we
use a range ball on the range. So, we
can see a standard between each of the
products that we are using. So, next up,
the average total was 279
and the average ball speed was 155. I
would say this, that's around about 4 to
5 miles an hour slower.
Look at that drive. That is so good. And
where are we? We're 249 from the team.
We're not even at the ball yet. I can
see it, but we're not there. My point
being, sorry, I got way laid getting
excited. It's about 3 to four, maybe 5
miles an hour slower than what I would
use normally. I use the Callaway Elite
driver. I am seeing it be slightly
slower. And then if we look at our
overall averages, we did get our biggest
ball speed at 158, our lowest at 149,
and our highest at 158. So quite a big
dispersion between them. And finally,
smash factor or average was 1.45.
So going back to the data, I have to say
it is slightly down on what I would see
on the range normally. But another
question for you and uh have a look at
this driver here. This one's just gone
280 yards right here. And that is there.
The green is just up here. But
unfortunately, remember we're using our
worst ball. Back to my question. Would
you honestly sacrifice 10 yards if you
never sliced it again? I would say the
answer to that question, if you've not
said yes, what are you doing? It
definitely should be a yes. This is even
more interesting. Our second ball that
we healed slightly is here. Our first
ball is here. So, to be fair, that is
not too much difference. That is only 1
2 3 4 5 6 7 yds difference in distance.
Not too bad. going through more of this
club overall. I think another
interesting point is they're saying it's
not for golfers who just slice it and
want to fix that. It's for golfers that
want a more repeatable, more predictable
swing, which I think is a really
interesting messaging. Where your driver
is going wrong right now is the way it's
made. It doesn't match the progressive
offset that you have in your irons. It's
like progressive, progressive,
aggressive, driver comes, stop. No
wonder you slice it. And I think that's
a really interesting ploy. So it's all
come down to this. The final hole. Right
now we have hit draw after draw. Two a
straight. When we got it a little bit
out the heel. The question is can we get
two more draws? And what do we shoot
right now? A level par. This hole is
made for it. There's water down the
left.
Look at that flight. That's the best of
the lot. That's impressive. That sound I
still really don't like. It's like a
ping. The feedback and you look at it. I
find it quite hard to aim just because
the way your hands on it, the way it
juts
absolute pearless. That's what I mean by
when you're holding it there. The way it
sort of sits and juts out is really
really interesting. I just find that
really bizarre to look at. Hard to get
in fathom in your head. They were
categorically the best I have hit with
that driver at the flatter flight. Both
out the middle. A lot less feedback. So,
the other one must have been slightly
high in the face. And you know what? I
think I'm ready to give you my overall
opinion of this. I'm going to give it a
silver rating. And hear me out. I think
the ideas, the technology, the story
about Matthew and his brother being up
to 3:00 a.m. thinking of a way to make
golf simpler. and the fact that why
didn't driver manufacturers match what
they had done with their irons when they
manufactured their irons in their woods
and the simple answer to that question I
would say is cost the value of doing
that is really expensive now that brings
me to cost of this driver which is £416
which is slightly less than what we
class as the big boys on the market but
still very expensive for a brand would
being honest, we haven't really heard
much about. That being said, going back
to the reason why I'm giving this a
silver, I believe that if you're a
slicer, it is going to really help you.
Like the way I've hit those or with that
draw shape more than I would usually hit
and the one I hit out the heel went
bullet straight. But the thing that
again, I asked you that question and
we'll see what the comment says on this.
Would you be okay with losing 10 yards
but hit it straighter? Hopefully the
answer to that question is yes. But I've
also got to factor that in when I'm
reviewing a driver. It is slightly
shorter than I would expect overall when
doing the driving range data. On course,
it's it's up there, but I don't feel I'm
ever going to hit the one that goes like
boom like a bazooka. Don't know why that
is. Just the feelings that I get and the
data that I have seen. So, with that
being said, I'm giving this driver a
silver rating, not gold, because of the
sound. The look is quite bizarre and
takes your time to get your eyes around
and it is not quite as strong in terms
of the performance of distance to what
other drivers out there. I'm not going
to say other competitors for a
progressive offset because I don't think
there is anything quite like this on the
market. So maybe that's being a bit
harsh. Let me know what you think. Let's
see where these are finished. And this
only left me a short flick onto the
green here on 15, which we put to about
four feet and drain the putt for a
birdie. Get in there. So, one under
through the three holes using the
Oxomity driver. It does make it easier
going from iron to driver. You feel like
you're not looking at something that's
bizarre, not changing anything. You're
just hitting it the same. Other things
that they suggest is that you could hit
this in a ball position that is further
back in your stance than what you would
traditionally have on a driver because
with that progressive offset, it is
exactly the same. Thanks so much for
watching and if you didn't already hit
subscribe to this channel, make sure you
do so. We bring you honest reviews. This
is a silver rating for the oxomity