One of the best feelings in golf is when
you deliver the club from the inside
with driver and you watch the ball
launch off the face with that powerful
controlled flight. But for you at the
moment, the club probably comes over the
top, you slice it, you pull it, or just
feel stuck and inconsistent. And no
matter how hard you seem to try, you
just can't seem to get it into that slot
in the down swing. Well, this video is
going to cover exactly how you can fix
just that. We'll be breaking down the
simple move that gets the club working
from the inside every single time so you
can strike the ball cleaner, hit it
straighter, and finally feel like your
swing is working with you rather than
against you. So, for those of you who
are new to the channel, welcome. I'm
Harry, a golf teaching professional. And
I started this YouTube channel simply
with the reason to help as many golfers
as I can play better at the game they
love. So, if you'd like me to help you
too, I'd recommend clicking that
subscribe button so you don't miss out
on any of the YouTube videos coming your
way. So, I've just hit two T-shots there
with drive. And what you'll notice
between them is one slice dramatically
to the right and the other one was a
nice little penetrating draw. When you
take a look at the two videos either
side during the transition, what do you
notice that's different about these two?
It's very minor, but you'll notice the
good drive. I was able to allow my hands
and club to work downwards more for the
driver head to stay behind me behind the
body. And when you take a look again at
the one that's sliced, it is the
opposite. It comes a little bit more out
in front. And then from there, I've got
to end up jumping upwards, pulling the
handle in, and that's what causes me
there to cut across the golf ball and
leave that club face massively open. And
the second thing that you'll notice is
that from the top of the golf swing, my
wrist angles start to change between the
two. So when you take a look at the one
that slices, my trail wrist here where
I've got the hack motion on tends to
sort of stay flat, relatively flat and
straight at the top of my golf swing. As
I then transition down, if that stays
fairly neutral or does the opposite and
goes into what we call a minus number,
that's encouraging my left wrist there
to release a lot more. So, release
earlier. And when that left wrist
releases early, look what happens. The
club just naturally wants to move
further on the outside. If I was to the
opposite, which is what I did do in the
second video, the one we got that draw,
take a look from the top of the golf
swing. Again, what you'll notice here is
this action here taking place where
we've got more hinge taking place, more
extension taking place here of my trail
wrist. When we get this extension,
naturally
the club wants to fall
on the inside in the slots, getting that
shallower down swing. So this is all to
do with how the hands arms because the
arms take it into position but also the
wrists work in your golf swing. That's
the key to this. So in simple terms
before we dive into this technique, we
want to be able to get to the top of our
golf swing. And rather than allow this
trail wrist to go flexed, to move
outwards during the down swing with the
hands, we want that to stay extended,
hinged during the down swing as we allow
those hands to fall down. So rather than
hands moving out and we get that motion,
hands to fall down as we continue that
hinge in the trail wrist. Now, you may
have noticed as well that I am using
this device on my trail wrist to track
all the numbers, which is called the
Hack Motion. It's a sensor that connects
to an app on your device which tracks
what your wrist angles are doing during
your entire golf swing. So, if you'd
like to check out more information
regarding that, I'll leave a link in the
description below or you can check out
the QR code I'll leave on the end
screen. So, let's dive into one of the
main checkpoints I want to point out for
the back swing. To begin with, we'll go
through the back swing, down swing, and
then the bonus tip at the end for the
finish position. So, back swing in
particular, the back swing, it's so
important that we get a full turn or a
turn that we can create that gets us
into a more reliable set position to
allow the club to fall down. The key
with this is that if we don't rotate
anywhere near as much as we should, so
let's just say we rotate just to about
this sort of angle here with my hips, my
shoulders as well. Let's call that 20
30° of rotation. Once we get to this
position, we've got no choice but from
there to swing down from that. So, if
I'm going to fire the hips and I'm going
to try and start this down swing
sequence coming from the lower body,
look what already my arms and hands have
to do. they have to throw outwards. So,
my wrist angle starts to go, the club
starts to go, and then it's game over
from there. For those of you who suffer
with that over the top golf swing and
the slice, what the great players do,
they'll get up to the very top of their
golf swing with loads of rotation simply
because now they've got loads of room
here to be able to bring the club down
on the inside. So key checkpoint number
one for the back swing is just ensuring
you get a full rotation all the way up
to the top of the golf swing. I'd
recommend if you can get to the 90°
angle, so where the shoulders get to the
90° angle just like this here with the
club across the shoulder, then that is
bang on. If it's any less or any more,
that's absolutely fine. Just go as much
as you can that feels comfortable. Even
just a little bit more rotation than
what you're used to doing is going to
make a huge difference because it's
going to give you more room to get that
club working on the inside. Now, that
brings us nice and simply down to the
down swing phase. We've got that
movement taking place up to the top,
ensuring we get a full turn or as much
turn as possible. Now, from the very top
of the swing is where the magic happens.
How can we allow the club to work from
the inside? How can we allow the hands
to fall down as this trail wrist of ours
here sets into more of that extension or
gets more of that hinge? Well, what I
want you to do from the very top of the
golf swing is get the full turn. And
from this point here, we're going to
keep our shoulders closed for as long as
we can and allow those hands to come
down as if they were to go down and
touch your trail foot. Now, when you
take a look at this here, straight away,
my club face here looks ridiculously
closed. My trail wrist is set, more of a
hinged position. That's allowing me
there to bring the club more on the
inside, but my hands are easily, very
easily and comfortably moving downwards
towards the trail foot. So, a lot of
golfers will make the mistake of getting
to the top of the golf swing and firing
those shoulders. So, if we can calm down
that movement and think of the opposite,
very similar to Justin Rose's drill,
delaying that shoulder turn, allowing
the club to come down, that's going to
give your hands and arms enough time to
bring the club down from the inside. So,
for the back swing, to help you get into
those positions to help get that trail
wrist set in the down swing, we're
simply delaying the body turn. And as
you can see from the B-roll footage here
of that down swing motion that I've just
been practicing, it's a big difference
compared to what we had at the very
start of the session. And once we get to
this point here, now we can start to
allow everything to rotate round for us
to hit the back of the golf ball. This
should happen naturally during your golf
swing. You should only have to think
about that down swing move. And the
rotation should happen naturally as the
club starts to fall into the slot into
that inside shallower motion for then
for us to hit the back of the golf ball.
So, three checkpoints there. Making sure
you've got a full rotation into the back
swing. Checkpoint number two, allow
those hands to fall down as you delay
the shoulder turn on the way through.
So, we're delaying the body rotation.
We're allowing those hands to come down
from there. And then we can allow the
body to rotate afterwards for the driver
to hit the back of the golf ball. And
you could see there straight away the
club was coming well from the inside.
Beautiful shallowed out motion into the
back of the golf ball.
And there you go. Nice little draw. Now,
once you start giving this a try and you
notice some great shots like that and
some that just leak ever so slightly out
to the right, is there anything you can
do as a bonus tip to help you keep
drawing the golf ball and completely
avoiding that slice ball fly? And there
is, and it's all to do with the way we
release the golf club. And you'll notice
with the release with a lot of the great
players is that they'll have this really
nice wide motion here with the trail
hand and arm overtaking the lead hand
here. So, we won't be able to really see
this lead hand here as we make our way
through to the finish. So, how our arms
are working during that motion from sort
of just before the golf ball, just after
the golf ball is this motion here. Our
arms are going from this internal
rotated position here, the left, then
it's going external. The right arm works
the opposite, the trail arm. So, it's
this action here that's taking place as
I make my way through to finish. A lot
of golfers make the mistake and think
it's all to do with the wrists for that
release. It should be more of a forearm
and arm rotational action during that
through swing. And to make sure you get
this right, you can simply practice just
a few swings from the halfway back
position. Just ensuring you've got the
trail wrist a little bit more set like
this here. Club is on the inside a
touch. Then from there, we're just
allowing ourselves to make sure that the
right arm is rotating over so the palm
faces the wall behind you. Or if you're
at the driving range, the bay behind
you. Or you can think of the glove hand
with this and go, well, glove logo
facing in front of you, glove logo
facing behind you. Simple as that. So,
it's just that motion there simply as
you make your way on the through swing.
And that'll allow you to get a much
wider arc on the way through, much more
powerful motion to help you get that
extra bit of distance as well. So, I'm
getting that full turn, delaying the
rotation of the body as I'm turning and
allowing my arms to release over.
And you can definitely see there on that
one, there's a lot more of a draw taking
place, guaranteeing that you won't be
slicing the golf ball anytime soon.
Unfortunately, that one did go straight
into the bunker, but I'll settle for
that rather than going on the beach to
the right on this hole here at Pebble
Beach. So, if you'd like to learn more
about the hack motion sensor and how
this can help you improve your golf
game, I'd recommend checking out the
link in the description down below or
simply scanning the QR code over to the
right hand side of the screen. Also, hit
the subscribe button if you'd like to
see more content like this. And in the
meantime, why not check out this video
over here, as YouTube believes this one
is the best one for you to watch