What's up, guys? It's Dan from Coinb
Trading. Today, we're going to talk
about why Ethereum is about to rally and
why altcoins are going to follow suit.
If this is the kind of content that you
enjoy, then be sure to smash that like
button, subscribe to the channel, and
ping that notification bell. Before we
get started, do keep in mind that
nothing in this video is financial
advice. It's just my personal analysis
of the crypto market. Your analysis
could be different. And if it is, that's
awesome because the more difference of
opinion that we have, the better traders
and the better investors we're all going
to become. So, I'll start off guys with
some news that you may have missed and
that's that Jerome Pal basically
confirmed that the Fed is going to be
ending QT uh pretty soon. Sounds like uh
and of course that means that QE could
be right around the corner. Contrary to
popular belief, uh QE is not necessarily
required for altcoins to rally.
Obviously, it does help. Uh but this
idea that QT is going to be ending,
obviously that's something that's
bullish and what people forget is that
when uh you get a signal from Jerome
Powell, something like this, it gets
immediately priced into the market. you
know, pe people aren't going to wait
until it actually happens. It starts
affecting the markets basically right
away. And you can actually see that,
guys, if you look at the US dollar,
which if you guys remember, the US
dollar is the most important chart to be
watching right now. It's basically going
to tell you where the markets are
headed. When the dollar goes lower, that
means everything else goes higher. And
when the dollar goes higher, that means
everything else goes lower. As you guys
can see, it looks like the dollar is in
the process of getting a reversal here.
Kind of like a double top, head and
shoulders, whatever you want to call it,
type of pattern. So, and of course it
makes sense that the dollar weakened a
lot yesterday with Jerome's kind of like
more dovish comments. Uh, and not only
that, guys, in case you guys didn't
know, when the Russell 2000 uh starts
breaking out, then that basically
corresponds to an altcoin season
historically speaking. And maybe I'll
take away the Ballingers just so it's a
little bit clearer here. And if we zoom
in here, you can see that the Russell
2000 actually hit an all-time high
yesterday. And that was probably because
of Derome's comments. And again, of
course, probably also because of the the
dropping US dollar. But the key takeaway
guys is that last time we saw this of
course was in late 2020 and you can see
that uh basically small caps went
vertical for around 3 months uh three or
four months and if this if we see
history repeat then of course uh we're
going to see small caps powering higher
and that's probably going to carry
altcoins higher starting with Ethereum.
Of course it's not going to you know
start with your uh with your meme coins
that you're holding there. It's going to
start with Ethereum. And if you guys
need evidence of that, again, throw on
the Ballinger bands on Ethereum. Look at
the 4hour chart. And it's actually
really interesting that Ethereum, you
know, it broke above the 4hour Ballinger
band moving average, had a retest of
that level, and now it looks like it's
going to basically push off from that
level and continue heading higher. Of
course, on the daily chart, the next
level to watch there would be somewhere
around uh 4,250, which actually was
tagged yesterday, but I do think that
this level will be reclaimed probably in
the coming days. And if we zoom out even
further, guys, here to the weekly,
you'll be able to tell uh that basically
Ethereum has been painting, maybe I'll
draw it out here, has been basically
painting potentially a bull flag pattern
of some kind here. Maybe I'll move this
away here and you guys can see that uh
that basically I'll just draw it out
here in real time. You can see that
Ethereum is is potentially painting a
bull flag pattern here. Maybe I'll get
rid of the Ballinger bands as well to
make things even clear again. So you can
see that basically in the next couple of
weeks here it looks like Ethereum is
going to break out of this bull flag and
that is consistent with the idea that
the DXY is going to continue falling and
that the Russell 2000 is going to
continue breaking out. And if you need
even more evidence guys check out ETHBTC
which in my opinion is the most
fascinating chart right now. You can see
that ETHBTC actually did reclaim the
Ballingerband moving average on the
daily which is awesome. And as I've been
mentioning before guys if you zoom out
to the monthly you'll notice that I I
personally believe that ETHBTC is going
to be painting a bull flag here. And in
practical terms, that means Ethereum is
going to get a massive rally versus
Bitcoin probably by the end of this
month. Uh, and of course, this is now
not this is necessarily consensus for
you, but many traders are seeing the
same thing that they all think that
Ethereum is going to hit 5,000 by the
end of the month. And of course, that
will help uh carry up other altcoins.
And if you are looking to trade that
move guys, then do check out the link in
the description here. Just click on the
more button and then check out this
first link, BitGet up to 50,000 USDT
deposit bonus. Click on that link. It'll
take you to a page that looks like this.
As you guys can see, uh, BitGet does
have a partnership with the coin bureau,
and you do have to do quite a bit, uh,
to get that full 50,000, uh, basically a
bonus. But the kind of silver lining
there, guys, is that BitGet as an
exchange is actually a really good
exchange in my opinion. Uh, it's an
exchange that I've used personally, and
it's one that I personally would
recommend. That does not mean that you
should be keeping all your crypto on
BitGet or on any exchanges. You should
always keep your crypto in your personal
wallets. But with that said, if you're
looking to trade crypto, whether it's
spot or futures or if you want to trade
tokenized stocks or trade stuff onchain,
BitGet is an awesome exchange and I
would definitely suggest signing up,
seeing if it's the right exchange for
you. And uh, you know, if you do some
trading on there, then you will be
getting some bonuses thanks to our
partnership with BitGet. So, do check
out that link in the description.
Anyways guys, speaking of other
altcoins, Salana is another one that's
been looking really interesting. Uh, of
course, on the 4 hour, it's looking
arguably even better than Ethereum.
Looking on the daily, also same idea. Uh
whereas Ethereum kind of had a little
bit of a bearish close yesterday, Salana
did not. It looks like Salana is going
to be rallying up to around $215 here in
the potentially in the next couple of
days. And then I do think it's going to
continue powering higher. Uh and of
course it was a little bit of a nasty
weekly close, but you can see here guys
that that Salana did more or less hold
this support level, you know, somewhere
around 195 or 200. Of course, it did see
a temporary wick below. Um but Salana is
looking really good here. And as soon as
Ethereum, you know, Ethereum is probably
going to have its rally. Salana will
probably, you know, kind of like play
along. Let's say Salana will rally a bit
as well. But as soon as Ethereum starts
chopping, that's when Salana is going to
start taking off. So maybe sometime
later this month or early next month. Uh
Sooie, of course, I'm sure many people
are wondering. Uh Sooie had an
absolutely, you know, ridiculous
liquidation here last Friday. Uh and I'm
sure that anyone who was bullish on
Sooie got basically wrecked, which is,
you know, extremely unfortunate. And as
as a fellow Sooie holder, I understand.
I feel your pain definitely there. It
was very, it was definitely not fun to
watch. Uh especially in the moment. As
you guys can see, SUIE is above the
Ballinger band moving average on the 4
hour. So, of course, that suggests that
the next stop is going to be the
Ballinger band moving average on the
daily somewhere around $3.2. I do think
that's a level that will be hit here
hopefully by the end of this week, if
not next week. Uh, and then, of course,
I'm sure many people are wondering about
Aptos. Again, it did like like many
altcoins, it got completely rinsed uh
last Friday. Uh, and for now it's not
it's not above the Ballinger band moving
average on the 4 hour, but it is above
the Ballinger band moving average on the
hourly, which makes the 4 hour the next
level to watch, which again is not that
much higher. It's like literally just a
few cents higher here. Once APOS gets
above the Ballinger band moving average
on the 4 hour, then the next level will
be the Ballinger band moving average on
the daily around $4.5. Uh, and then at
that stage uh there will be uh well
that's basically also where the
Ballinger band moving average is on the
weekly. So hopefully uh APOS can clear
get above that level. Basically, if it
gets above $4.5 again uh and is able to
hold that level at the end of this week
or next week, uh then it'll it will be
back in bullish territory. So, that's
the key level to watch here. And I do
think Aptos will reclaim that. It's just
really unfortunate. You know, everything
was looking really good last week. APOS
was looking fantastic like it was ready
to take off and then of course we did
get that liquidation which basically
derailed the rally not just in Aptos but
in many altcoins that were looking like
they were about to recover. And then of
course, last but not least, I'll take a
quick look here at Bitcoin. Guys, it's
interesting because Bitcoin isn't
looking super bullish. uh you know on
the 4 hour same idea as Aptose not
looking super good on the hourly it's
barely holding the Ballinger band moving
average on the 1 hour um and it you know
it looks like it potentially get another
little leg lower here in the short term
uh which of course that would probably
take altcoins down lower as well but you
can clearly see here guys that there is
a bottoming pattern forming here almost
like a double bottom of some kind. So in
the next day or two we should see
Bitcoin bottoming out and continuing to
move higher. Uh and again like what
really has me kind of bullish and
hopeful or whatever you want to call it
is uh in stages like these you know when
when uh when you see that altcoins are
starting to become more dominant uh
what's really fascinating at least in my
experience is that if you just focus
more on Ethereum it's like you know
everyone's watching Bitcoin and thinking
oh my god like look Bitcoin is not
looking too hot so that means the market
is you know is going to go down but the
thing is that the baton has kind of been
passed potentially here to Ethereum and
if that's the case guys and the main
crypto to watch in terms of key levels
and to get a sense of what's coming Next
is actually Ethereum and not Bitcoin.
I've seen this happen on many occasions
in the past. Uh and I suspect that we're
seeing a similar uh situation here
where, you know, everyone's watching
Bitcoin and kind of panicking, but if
you look at Ethereum's chart, you're
like, "Wow, this is actually looking
pretty strong." Looks like it's going to
continue heading higher. Uh and uh so
that's kind of like the chart to be
paying attention to potentially now in
the next couple of days. Uh and which is
why, you know, the focus of this video
was basically Ethereum. Uh, but anyways
guys, if you did make it this far and
you did find that information helpful,
then be sure to smash that like button,
subscribe to the channel, ping that
notification bell, and I'll see you in
the next