One Piece owes a great debt to the many
series that inspired its existence.
Author Etra Oda has cited Vicki the
Viking, Captain Sububasa, and of course
the Dragon's Balls as key sources for
what began this epicsome journey.
However, arguably there is no series
more responsible for the unprecedented
success of One Piece than Naruto, which
are not my words. These are Etra Oda's
words as well as the author of Naruto
Masashi Kishimoto who got together to
conduct a series of interviews in 2015
to celebrate the end of Naruto during
which both authors acknowledged that
neither series would have been anywhere
near as great as they are today without
the other and specifically with one
piece. We would be very unlikely to have
gear fifth without a key Naruto
inspiration that completely changed
Oda's view on Luffy. But in these
interviews, Oda and Kishimoto initially
reminisce on the time it is that they
first met, which was at a Shonen Jump
New Year's party in 1999. One Piece had
been in publication for 2 years at this
point, whilst Naruto had only been
running for a handful of months. And
according to Kishimoto's own words, he
was a bit aruck by Oda's talent and
addressed him as Oda sensei. But Oda
swiftly told him to knock it off because
they were the same age. And also because
Oda was already aware of Kishimoto's
work and greatly admired him. And in
fact, Oda had been well aware of
Kishimoto since long before the Naruto.
Oda had been reading Kishimoto's
oneshots and also the ill- fated Kakuri
manga, which featured a Sasuke prototype
protagonist. But unfortunately, I guess
actually fortunately, Kakuri was
cancelled almost immediately. But even
at this early day, Oda considered
Kishimoto to be a key rival, which
swiftly developed into friendship. Oda
stated to Kishimoto in the interview,
"In terms of our manga, there was a
little sense of competition, but when I
actually met you, you turned out to be
the nicest, kindest person, and it
didn't matter to me anymore whose manga
was more popular. I couldn't possibly
fight with you." And Kishimoto
identifies one of the reasons why they
got along so well is because they
understood each other's struggles. They
were the same age, and they were both
fighting for their lives weekly in the
surprisingly brutal world of manga
production. But it wasn't just an
understanding because they were more or
less in the same starting position. Oda
got going a little quicker, but Oda and
Kishimoto used each other to strive to
get better. Whenever a great chapter of
One Piece came out, it inspired
Kishimoto to work harder on Naruto. And
whenever a great Naruto chapter came
out, it was the same for Oda. And on
this, Oda said, "I'm really glad that I
had the opportunity to compete with
Naruto. The thing I'm most thankful for
is that he, being Kishimoto, made it so
competitive. Of all of the Weekly comics
and all of the comics in the world, the
one that made me work the hardest was
Naruto, hands down. So, I'm really
fortunate actually that he made it so
difficult for me. That kind of
experience is rare. Kishimoto shared the
same sentiment and then said that he
doesn't think anyone puts as much detail
into every panel as Oda does. to which
Oda objected by pointing out every time
that Kishimoto uses a shadow clone jutsu
and the wild amount of drawing in
detailed work that creating an army of
clones as one of the primary abilities
of the main protagonist must be. I think
it should also be noted that they were
referring to specifically weekly shonen
manga just before everyone points out in
the comments oh like berserk is so much
more detailed than both of those just
like chill about that. But I do think
that Kishimoto sums up their dynamic
best with the following. The problem is
whether you have enough energy. But
seeing you being Oda face the workload
headon makes me feel like doing my best
to. And weirdly enough, both authors
think that the other one had a harder
job for different reasons. In
Kishimoto's case, I guess I should first
point out that in the West, Naruto
utterly dominated One Piece. And
arguably, I'd say that Naruto is still
to this day more popular in the West.
However, this was a very different story
in Japan. Almost since its inception,
One Piece has held the number one
bestselling manga spot for most of its
run, including an absolutely crazy
decade, where it was the best-selling
series in each year from 2008 to 2018. A
couple of series were able to take the
crown from One Piece on the odd
occasion. Death Note and Nana in the
early days. And in more recent days,
we've got the Demon Slayers, your
jiu-jitsu kaisens, and your blue locks.
They've also managed to take the crown,
but never Naruto. And that is why
Kishimoto had the following to say about
his competition with Oda. I still think
I had it easier. Odo was always at the
top. And I feel like that comes with its
own unique troubles and hardships. All
that pressure and stress would have
given me ulcers. And Oda actually
disagreed there. He thought that
Kishimoto had a harder job. And that's
because Kishimoto had the pressure of
differentiating his series from both One
Piece and from Dragon Ball, which was
still very fresh in the minds of shownen
readers in the '90s. Whereas Oda, he had
the advantage of just needing to start
his series differentiating from Dragon
Ball and that alone. And also by that
logic, we should also just pour one out
for Bleach while we're here, which had
to differentiate itself from Dragon Ball
One Piece and Naruto. Definitely not an
easy thing to do at the time. Here's the
really important part about this
rivalry, though, and the key that led to
the shared success of both One Piece and
Naruto. Oda said, "Usually when you have
two manga series in the same genre, they
compete for the same audience. But
Kishimoto figured out how to keep Naruto
and One Piece from overlapping too much.
Take colors for instance. Luffy uses a
lot of red, so he went with a different
color scheme for Naruto. There's hardly
a touch of red in Naruto. He went out of
his way to make sure that they wouldn't
encroach on one another. And Kishimoto
replied, "It was a trial and error
process for sure." Odo was writing a
story of high adventure, so I had to
stay away from that. That's why I had
Naruto come back to the village every
time he left on a mission. Also, Luffy
gradually enlists a lot of friends in
One Piece. So, I thought Naruto should
have his companions around from the
beginning. And that right there is one
of the biggest changes that this rivalry
resulted in. Whenever I reference the
One Piece story style, the other
narrative flow, which is always pushing
forward to a new location, we don't
circle back. Most of the time, we don't
circle back. Sometimes we do, but
whenever I mention that, I have a
tendency to compare it directly to
Naruto because Kishimoto does the exact
opposite. With One Piece, it's always on
to the next island. With Naruto, it's
always we're going to go out, we're
going to come back, we're going to go
out, we're going to come back, we're
going to go out, and we're going to come
back. And it is very cool to find out
that that structure was not only
purposeful, but engineered as a direct
contrast to One Piece. And this went in
both directions as well, with Oda
recounting a very important change it is
that he had to make. That reminds me of
one time I had to avoid something from
Naruto. Sanji's name was originally
supposed to be Naruto, but the instant
your manga came out, I knew it was going
to be running for a long time. So, I
changed his name at the last moment. And
before we go more into that change, I
just want to linger on the degree of
respect that was expressed there because
this isn't immediately apparent, but Oda
is not talking about the actual Naruto
manga. Sanji was introduced almost a
full year before the first chapter of
Naruto was even published. What Oda is
referring to here is the Naruto oneshot,
a pilot chapter that Kishimoto drew in
1997, just after One Piece had started
serialization. So Oda saw this one shot
that didn't even have a green light for
a full series yet and wouldn't for two
more years. And Oda just knew that it
was going to be a longrunning series,
which way back in the9s was a lot rarer
than it is today. Part of the reason why
One Piece, Naruto, and Bleach were
called the big three is because of how
extremely unusual it was to have three
popular long-running manga in the same
genre being published in Weekly Shonen
Jump at the same time. So Odo's early
faith in Naruto is quite touching but
also mildly annoying for him because it
forced Oda to change Sanji's name. Just
imagine what could have been. We could
have been dealing with Vinsmoke Naruto.
But Oda did this as a professional
courtesy because yes, he could have
fought for the Naruto name because as
the author of One Piece, Oda had the
bigger and weightier dick that he could
slam down on the table at any given
moment, but he didn't want to put a
talent like Kishimoto in a tough
position. So Oda himself altered course
instead. In this interview, Kishimoto
also said that if Oda had gone with
Naruto, if he had fought for the name,
then Kishimoto would have changed the
name into something else ramen related
like Menma or Shinachiku. But with
Kishimoto, the running theme tends to be
that it's not so much what One Piece
inspired him to do, but the guard rails
One Piece provided for him to not do.
For example, Kishimoto stated that he
was incredibly jealous when Oda began
drawing the sky arc because Kishimoto
loves clouds in the sky in general. But
after seeing Oda do it, he kept Naruto
very purposely and literally grounded.
Oda himself had a very different
philosophy on this though. If he saw
something in Naruto that really
impressed him, it would often go on to
directly inspire One Piece. With the
primary example of this being Luffy's
gear third, but also his inflation in
Gear fourth and becoming a fullon giant
in Gear Fifth. Without Naruto, we might
not have any of this. As in the
interview, Oda states that he was struck
by reading a point where Choji uses the
partial multi-size technique, which
allows him to increase the size of
specific body parts. And after seeing
Choji with a giant fist, Oda wanted to
do the same thing with Luffy. But he did
check with Kishimoto first because Oda
did say, and I quote, "Hey, I'm kind of
copying your style here." Which
Kishimoto was fine with. He didn't think
it was a big deal. And that may have
something to do with the original
multi-size technique being a little bit
extraordinarily similar to Luffy's
balloon ability. And given how carefully
Kishimoto was thinking about One Piece,
he definitely would have known that when
he drew it. And I think this just goes
to show the compound relationship here
of two authors being inspired by and
being able to build off one another. But
quite frankly, as One Piece fans, we owe
a great debt to Naruto, especially Choji
of all people in particular. Oda also
went on to say that he is a big fan of
Kishimoto's drawing style because
Kishimoto draws with animation in mind.
And so he employs a lot of effects that
wouldn't even cross the minds of most
other mangaka. And in particular, Oda
noted this image of a character named
Tyseeki. And if this invisible looking
ninjammen seems familiar, it's because
Oda was so inspired by seeing this that
he wanted to have a go at creating his
own invisible character, which ended up
being Absilam and later on Shiru. In
fact, it's entirely possible that the
invisible fruit is only still relevant
today because Oda wanted to preserve the
effect and draw it again. Odo and
Kishimoto also acknowledge their use of
colors in general. Where One Piece goes
for more boldly vibrant primary colors,
Naruto tends to use a lot of elegant
muted colors. And Kishimoto said, "The
way you use colors in One Piece is so
complicated. I could never do that.
That's your secret weapon. I think I've
read lots of manga and I've never seen
anyone use colors like you." I thought
maybe it was just a natural talent you
had, but it's something you've been
consciously working towards. It's
amazing. And of course, each author was
asked about their favorite characters in
each series. With OD's favorite Naruto
characters being Rockley and Might Guy,
he loves the way that Kishimoto draws
all that quote kung fu action. But I
think it's because there's something
distinctly Luffy in Rockley in
particular. He's a very straightforward
boy with a very simply drawn face and
endless determination to overcome any
obstacle. He's very Luffy coded.
However, when Kishimoto was asked who
his favorite character is, he gave a
surprise mention to Bellamy of all
people. Gishimoto just loves his
attitude and his spring ability. And I
do think that some of this may have been
recency biased because Bellamy had just
been reintroduced to One Piece as Dress
Rosa was ongoing when this interview was
published. However, Kishimoto then
revealed that his true favorite
character is one Tony Tony Chopper
because of how touched he was by the
Sakura Snow moment at the end of Drum
Island, which prompted Oda to reveal
something pretty wild, which was that
Chopper was originally going to be an
almost purely comic relief character.
Chopper was originally envisaged as a
bipedal smoking reindeer cracking them
jokes all the time, which we can see
pretty clearly in his prototype Straw
Hat sketch. And it's almost as if
Chopper would have become the kind of
character that Brooke is today, just
sort of hanging out in the background
and making people smile whenever he can.
However, by the time that Oda got to
Drum Island, a lot of Chopper's original
intention was already covered by the gag
quirks of each other character. So Oda
transformed him into a smaller, cuter,
and more genuinely heartfelt character.
And Chopper's existence is cited by
Kishimoto as part of why he never
seriously tried drawing a mascot
character for Naruto because Chopper
would be impossible to top. And
Kishimoto also said that he is quite
jealous of Chopper. But my favorite part
of this interview is when the two of
them discussed the tributes they did for
one another at the end of Naruto. So if
you're unaware, when Naruto's final
chapter was published, Oda put a Naruto
reference in One Piece and Kishimoto put
a One Piece reference in Naruto. Oda
stated that Kishimoto's media
coordinator at the end of the manga
actually used to be my editor. So I
approached him in private and told him
that I have to do something special for
the end of Naruto. And that something
special ended up being the cover of
chapter 766 featuring Luffy eating ramen
with the one and only Nar. And if you
pause to look at this image long enough,
you'll see an endless amount of Naruto
references like obviously Nami's outfit
being absolutely slathered in hidden
leaf symbols. But my favorite reference
that goes over a lot of people's heads
would be the menu items on the wall. As
if you read the first character of every
menu item, it spells out a secret
message saying Naruto,
which roughly translates as, "Thanks for
the great run, Naruto." And funnily
enough, according to their interview,
everyone saw this secret message except
for Kishimoto himself. And it was
Kishimoto's brother who had to call him
and say, "Mate, look a little bit
closer." And another small element noted
by Oda is that Naruto and Luffy are
trading their trademark foods. So Luffy
is eating ramen whilst Naruto is eating
a very one piece hunk of meat. And Oda
pointed out how rare it is for Luffy to
give away his meat. So there's some
pretty extreme respect here being shown
on this cover page. And Kishimoto
responded to it as follows. Also, the
title of that chapter of One Piece is
Smile. That put a lump in my throat. I
know a lot of people who enjoyed that
illustration, but I was happiest of all.
And there was actually a much larger
plan originally to celebrate the end of
Naruto that Oda was unable to implement.
The week that Naruto ended was chapter
766, which took place during
Trafalgalor's flashback. And what Oda
was originally going to do is sneak in
hidden references and a message for
Kishimoto all through the flashback in
the actual story, not just the cover
pages. But Oda did the chapter maths and
realized that Naruto would finish before
Lur's flashback. So he abandoned the
more complex plan and settled for this
instead. Of course, it wasn't just Oda,
though. As stated before, Kishimoto also
had special plans for his final chapter.
And to pay tribute to one of his
greatest rivals and one of his greatest
friends, Kishimoto defaced Naruto's
carving into Hokag Rock with a straw hat
Jolly Rodger. And according to this
interview, Oda was a little worried
about that at first because he thought
that Naruto fans might get a bit angry.
As in context, this is pretty much the
final image of the entire series. And
the most eye-catching part of it is such
an obvious One Piece reference, which
isn't hidden away in a little corner or
anything. This is a full page
illustration. But in the end, it went
down quite well, especially because both
authors were paying tribute to one
another. And I think it summarizes a lot
of what we've discussed in this video.
the idea that One Piece wouldn't be
where it is today without Naruto and
that Naruto wouldn't have become what it
was without One Piece. Both authors
spent 15 years pushing one another to
greater and greater heights. So,
slapping the Straw Hat Jolly Rodger on
Naruto's face is quite symbolic of the
impact that Oda had on Kishimoto. And I
would not be surprised if when the final
chapter of One Piece does come out, Oda
acknowledges this relationship as well
by putting a Naruto reference into it,
which is all very well and lovely. And
maybe this is just how chronically
online I am, but I so often see on the
internet One Piece and Naruto fans
viciously arguing with one another about
which series is better, whose characters
could beat who, whose writing was
trasher, and which series had a bigger
impact where, etc. You've got people
ripping each other to shreds over
fictional pirates and fictional ninjas.
And it's so weird because the actual
authors are the best of friends, and
they've spent most of their careers
doing nothing but encouraging one
another. I guess it would just be nice
if we were a bit more like them. But
prior to closing this out, Kishimoto had
one very important anecdote to share
about Oda, which was, "There was one
time, I can't remember when, but I asked
you in private about your whole approach
to writing manga. I wanted to know how
you really felt about it." And you said,
"It's really not about drawing well.
It's about challenging yourself every
time you do it. That's how you should
approach it." And that really impressed
me. And that is the story of how two of
history's greatest manga authors
catapulted each other into stratospheric
success through rivalry and in classic
shownen style through friendship. ship.