Blake Lively looks unbothered in her
pajamas as she brush brushes off
extortion accusations from Justin
Baldon's ex agent.
[Music]
>> Hi, welcome to Floss and Talk. I'm
Shashi Flor, journalist, Hollywood truth
teller and your voice of reason in a
town built on delusion. First of all,
thank you so much for all your feedback
on my Diane Keaton interview that I
shared. I am so honored to have ever met
her and I'm so happy that you enjoyed
the interview and uh yes, I just wanted
to say thank you for that. This episode
is going to be packed and of course we
are going to talk about Blake Lively and
Justin Baldon. Now all the outlets
basically picked up the story of Justin
Baldon's ex agents from WME who accused
Blake Lively of extortion and it's
everywhere. It's not looking great for
Blake. I wonder what her next move is
going to be like. Uh I just have some I
have some update of her recent move
yesterday here which is so ridiculous.
Also, there's some more information
about that recording. So, stu stay tuned
for that. And I wanted to talk about
Jennifer Anderson who's been talking
about her infertility issues and today
there's some headlines about her being
selfish because she didn't want to
adopt. I have some opinions about that.
Also, Katie Perry breaks her silence on
dating the ex-p prime minister of
Canada. That story is so absurd to me.
And now, Justin Trudeau's exwife Sophie
has come out with a kind of cryptic
message on Instagram. I also wanted to
address this really awkward hug from
Megan Markle, who apparently invited
herself to the Balenciaga show in Paris.
And another really awkward kiss from
Kiana Reeves and his girlfriend
Alexandra Grant. That relationship to me
is just so weird. I don't know what it
is. I just feel like it's something's
off there. Anyways, there's a lot to go
through here. You guys, just a quick
reminder, if you haven't subscribed yet,
please do and hit the notification bell
so you never miss an episode of Blossom
Talk. So, as I said, finally all the
outlets here have picked up this story
about Justin Baldon's ex manager who
described Blake Lively's behavior as
extortion. So, according to his own
deposition, he helped Justin Baldoni
write letters to Sony to explain to them
what was actually going on and how Blake
was trying to take over the movie.
Yesterday, Blake's team came out and
said that, "Oh my god, this is
ridiculous. this is cherrypicking and
what and whatnot. But now with everyone
talking about this, this looks so
terrible for Blake. And interestingly
enough, no one picked up that story that
they probably thought was going to speak
louder than this one with this woman who
secretly recorded Steve Sarowitz that I
also spoke about for the last few days.
And it's funny when all these headlines
are popping up about Blake being trying
to extort Sony and the Wayfair parties,
she posts a story on Instagram with
herself in a pajamas. It really fits
into this new PR strategy that she's
going for. I spoke about this before
when she's posting photos of herself
baking. She was baking a cake based on
her kids stuffy the other day and then
she was picturing herself uh with
coloring books that she's just coloring.
She's trying to make herself so
relatable so you forget that she is
manipulative and try to extort people
and that she might not be telling the
truth here. She's basically trying to
look innocent. This is distraction and
psychological manipulation. And I bet
you her team is calling out People
magazine every time she's posting
something homey and sweet and about
motherhood and about sweetness, family,
and stability. Her team is calling out
people like, "Hey, did you see what
Blake just posted? Do you want to do a
story about it?" And they've done it a
few times. This one on October 3rd, they
did a story saying Blake lively shares a
rare glimpse inside her rustic home as
she bakes homemade cake for her
daughter. The Gossip Girl alum gave
followers a real look at her rustic
kitchen and living room on October 2nd
on Instagram. But this one the Daily
Mail picked up and it didn't really
favor Blake because it says that Blake
Lively looks unbothered in her pajamas
as she brush brushes off extortion
accusations from Justin Baldon's ex
agents. Yeah, it looks like she doesn't
care, which I think is a really terrible
image to have. I mean any normal person
who would be accused of extortion and
this is not the first time remember she
did the same thing to Taylor Swift here.
So any normal person who get accused of
that would not show up in her pajamas on
Instagram and of course it's branded
content. So she's tagging the brand in
there. No normal person would react like
this. Let's put it this way. and they're
quoting her post saying, "I'm so
obsessed with my new jammies that I swap
out the bottoms with jeans or slacks and
pass off the top as regular shirt," said
Lively, who is wed to Ryan Reynolds.
Okay, so that's what she decides to post
in the middle of this. Anyways, I was
just watching not actually Golden, this
attorney. I've told you about her
before. She's amazing. You should follow
her on Tik Tok and Instagram and she's
on YouTube as well. and she pointed out
something about this recording. I didn't
know about this, but I thought it was
interesting. So, I wanted to play a
little clip for you and she said this is
what she found the most interesting
about this tape. See where it says in
paragraph 6, a true and correct copy of
that recording produced in Discovery as
BL blah blah blah blah blah. That is a
bait stamp number.
And the fact that it says BL something
something means it was produced by Blake
Lively.
So that means it's not that somebody
subpoenaed Claire Aub and got this
recording from her.
It means that Claire Aub gave this
recording to Blake Lively and then Blake
Lively produced it.
>> Yes. So if you missed that whole story,
Claire is the one who recorded Steve
Sarowitz, one of the partners or the
founders of the Wayf Farer parties and
he said something unflattering about
Ryan and Blake in that conversation and
she basically gave that to Blake and
this is what not actually Golden is
saying that we know that this actually
was given to Blake voluntarily. As I
said before, I don't understand why this
Claire person wants to inject herself
into this really messy lawsuit. And
there's something here that I'm a little
curious about because of the dates that
doesn't make all that much sense to me
because apparently this recording was
done on August 8th in 2024, which was in
the middle of the premiere of It Ends
With Us. And then she must have kept
this recording for a long time before
she gave it to Blake because it was not
in Blake's original complaint. That's
why I'm thinking maybe Blake wasn't the
one who sent her out to do this
recording. Maybe she did it on her own
initiative. Who knows that she actually
fished for this information from Steve
Sarowitz because as I said yesterday,
there was nothing else in that recording
about Beloni because if it was, they
would have used it. There were allegedly
no conversation about how Baldoni was
acting inappropriately on that
recording. So she must have kept this
for like 6 months before she actually
gave it to Blake. Why would you even
keep that? If you knew that the reason
you recorded it was to see if he went
back on his words and he didn't and
everything was resolved and you kept the
tape. That's where I have a big problem
as well. And also someone sent me this
video where she is praising Steve
Sarowitz for flying all of them into
this theater and for making things
happen. That event was 2 weeks after she
had recorded him in secret. So she
accepted this flight and to fly out the
whole crew. I don't know how many people
flew out for the screening, but the fact
that she accepted that and praised him
on stage and she also posted this on
Twitter or an X saying, "Thank you to
the whole Wayfairer theaters team and
your community for making us feel so
special and welcome. Lots of hearts." If
she had an issue with Wayfairer, why is
she posting stuff like this? It reminds
me of Isabella Ferrer. the way she's
been acting as well, telling to Justin
Baldon's face, that, you know, she loved
working with him and all that. And then
behind his back, she's going to Blake
and agreeing with her to say that he was
inappropriate on set with her as well.
And then when he tries to subpoena her,
he says that he's harassing her. I think
there's a lot of similarity here. That's
what I'm going to say about this. All
right, so let's talk a little bit about
Jennifer Anderson here. I was reporting
on this the other day when she came out.
I think it was in Bizaarre the magazine
where she talked about her infertility
issues and she actually tried to get
pregnant many many times and she was
going through IVF even when she was with
Brad Pitt and that people went after her
and said that she was just too selfish
to have kids and she put her career
first and that was really hurtful for
her. And I remember as well, as I said,
you know, all these photos, all these
magazine covers with Jennifer Anderson
being pregnant, like every single week
there was a story about Jennifer
Anderson being pregnant. And that must
have been really tough on her. And now
she's on a podcast and there were
headlines everywhere today saying that
Jennifer Anderson never adopted despite
her fertility struggles because she
wants her own DNA in a little person.
The way that they are framing this makes
me feel like they're trying to actually
shade her for that decision. And I think
that's really unfair. If she doesn't
want to adopt children, that's her
choice. You don't have to adopt children
because you can't have your own. And she
decided that she didn't want to do that.
And it really upsets me that people
think that's selfish. She said it
herself. Actually, she did use that
word, but I don't think she should use
that word about it. coming from my
perspective as I spoke about briefly
before that I was told that I couldn't
have children when I was in my 30s and I
came to terms with that and I think when
I hear someone like Jennifer Anderson
talk about it I think it really supports
a lot of women that are in that
situation because all women deal with
these kind of things very differently
and I think we should just celebrate
every woman who's brave enough to talk
about it and that's why I think that
Jennifer Anderson is now coming out
admitting this I think is amazing And I
mean there's a lot of things you can
criticize Jennifer Aniston for, but this
is not it. She was on the podcast
American Armchair when she was asked by
the co-host there if she had found peace
with not becoming a mom and she said
it's so peaceful. She said, but I will
say there is a point where it's like out
of my control. There's a literally
nothing there's literally nothing I can
do about it. When people say but you can
adopt. I don't want to adopt. I want my
own DNA in a little person. That's the
only way. Selfish or not, whatever that
is, I wanted it. It just wasn't in the
plan. Whatever the plan was, it's very
emotional, especially in the moment when
they say, "That's it." Because there's a
weird moment. Yeah, I completely get it.
And I really support Anison uh by coming
forward and saying this. And I know a
lot of women's been struggling to get
pregnant. their entire being and world
and happiness was depending on that one
thing and that is really really sad and
I know a lot of women are going through
that. So that's why I really applaud
Jennifer Franson for coming out and
talking about this. So yes, it's not
selfish. It's your choice and it's your
life. Okay, let's talk about someone
else that I think is selfish and that is
Megan Marco. Oh my god, I haven't been
really talking about her much here on my
channel. I know some people like her. I
have to say that I have some issues with
her. I try to watch her show on Netflix.
I read headlines about her. I'm not that
interested in her. But this thing I
thought was quite funny actually because
there's this viral video of her when she
showed up at Balenciaga for their
fashion show in Paris. And apparently
this story has just that she invited
herself the fashion designer for
Balenciaga Pierre Pao Piki. I think
that's how you pronounce it not. But uh
he is now saying that he didn't invite
Meghan Markle. She invited herself to
his show and then there's this video of
the two of them greeting each other and
is the most awkward hug or kiss I think
in fashion history. Just look at this.
[Music]
Yes, I liked it even more in slow
motion. I think we all had those awkward
hugs and it just feels like it just
makes everything awkward after that. But
this whole thing is just so weird to me
that she invited herself and especially
because it's Balenciaga, which is a very
tainted brand after what happened a few
years ago when they involved children in
their advertisement and it was really
inappropriate. They had to come out and
apologize and some celebrities came out
as well. not Salma Hayek because her
husband owns the brand. But a lot of
people came out against them with good
reason and that's why also some people
now are criticizing Meghan Markle
because she actually went to the show to
promote it. Some commenters here are
saying that the Duchess of Hypocrisy, a
lady who claims to defend the interest
of children going to a fashion show that
ran a disgusting campaign with children.
And another one says, "Why on earth
would she go to Balenciaga show? How
could any how could any mother support
that brand?" And there was also a report
saying that she was laughing when one of
the models tripped on the runway. Uh I
think there was a little video about it
and she burst onto laughter when this
model tripped. However, a rep for Meghan
Markle told the Daily Mail that she was
not laughing at the model. So yeah,
maybe she wasn't laughing. Who knows?
Only Meghan Markle knows what she was
laughing at. Also, we have a little
update on Katy Perry and Justin Trudeau,
the ex-p prime minister of Canada. This
is such a weird couple. As I said
yesterday, I just don't get it. What
does he see in her? I don't know. I
think it's really weird. And as I said
yesterday, there were rumors that she
actually started dating him before she
even left Orlando Bloom. uh at this
concert yesterday in in London in
England. She said that uh no wonder I
fall for English men all the time, but
not anymore. Someone from the crowd
apparently asked if she wanted to marry
him. And she said that's too late. You
should have asked 48 hours ago. I guess
that's when all these photos dropped
from her and Justin at this yacht in
Santa Barbara when they were putting on
the PDA. I feel like just the fact that
she has been with Russell Brand should
say enough. He is such a nutcase. And
now I feel sorry for Justin Trudeau's
exwife.
They were married for 18 years and she
posted something a little bit cryptic on
Instagram uh about love and how what you
love is never is never truly yours. Uh,
I don't know much about her, but when I
read the comments, I feel like she's one
of those really beloved uh, politician
wives out there. She's a TV host as
well. And of course, the media is
speculating that she posted this as
reaction to her ex-husband dating Katy
Perry. Do you find that sometimes we
forget that nothing we love was ever
meant to be kept? The people, the
places, even the moments that once felt,
I don't know, infinite, right? Time asks
us to not cling to them. And yet we do.
I do because to hold on feels safer than
to let go. Yeah. They were together for
18 years. That's a really long time.
According to Raider online, Trudeau
himself is super excited about dating a
pop star. And she is really intrigued by
the idea that a politician has fallen
for her charm. An insider said that he's
a bit of a geek and can't believe
someone as famous and glamorous as Katie
is interested in him. Where she's
flattered, where she's flattered, such a
respected politician wants to date her.
I give this relationship maximum six
months. I don't know. What do you guys
think? Are they going to last? Another
weird couple to me. I don't know if you
agree with me on these things. is just
that I feel like Kiana Reeves and
Alexandra Grant are just so awkward
together. So, he was promoting his
latest movie yesterday, Good Fortune,
and they were at the red carpet and he
said some nice things about Diane Katon
because he was in a movie with her.
Remember, Something's Got to Give with
Jack Nicholson and Diane Keaton. It was
a great great movie. And Kiana Reeves
played her young lover. He was a doctor
in that movie. But anyways, he brought
Alexandra with him to this red carpet
event and they shared a kiss. And look
at this kiss. It just looks so I don't
know. This just looks like there's no
passion here. Maybe that's what I think
that's missing. It doesn't look like
they have any passion. It kind of looks
like I mean he's older than her, but it
looks like she's older than him. Not
that that's anything wrong with that. I
just feel like she has this motherly
vibe. Um I don't know. Maybe I'm wrong.
I mean, they've been dating since 2018,
so it's been a while, so I guess it's
kind of working. Anyways, that's it for
me you guys. I hope you enjoy this
episode, and thank you so much for
watching. And if you haven't subscribed,
please do and hit the notification bell
so you never miss an episode of Lawome
Talk. And I'll see you tomorrow.
[Music]