What's up you guys? I'm Rachel Damita
and welcome to the Courtside Club. Today
we have another good old update video
for you guys. And to be honest, the new
cycle has been a little bit slow this
week, but we do have some women's
basketball topics that I wanted to go
over today. Before we start, I want to
give a shout out to my Courtzside Club
members and specifically those of you
who have been here from day one because
you should now have a brand new badge
next to your name and it is the sleeping
sky badge. And if you guys look behind
me,
Sleeping Sky is joining us for this
episode. So, if you were wondering what
cat that was, that is now next to your
name, it is Sky, and she likes to take
naps. So, with that, let's jump into
today's video. I first want to talk
about this article that just came out on
ESPN, and it's entitled WNBA owners,
insiders on Kathy Angelbert Officiating,
and CBA. And in this article, they
talked to a lot of WNBA owners who
remained anonymous, but they talked to
them about the ongoing feud that's
happening between Nfisa Collier and
Kathy Angelbert and also just what they
can expect from the CBA. But there are
some quotes here that stood out to me
and I wanted to share those with you
guys today. One team executive said,
"Once you have that kind of fighting
with your best players, it's a death
spiral." And they're talking about the
ongoing feud between Nafisa and Kathy.
If you guys haven't seen the other
videos that I made on this topic
specifically, definitely check those out
so you know the full backstory. It has
been relatively quiet since we last
heard from Kathy, since we last heard
from Adam, since we last heard from
Nefisa. But the CBA deadline, the first
CBA deadline is on October 31st. Now, it
is pretty clear that they are not going
to come to an agreement by October 31st,
and they're going to need to make an
extension to that. But it seems like
there are some owners who are unhappy
with Kathy. There are some owners who
are unhappy with what Nfisa had to say
and kind of airing out private
conversations. One owner said, "If I had
a vote, I would probably ask for a
replacement." Talking about Kathy, "It
seems unlikely that any major leadership
change will happen while CBA
negotiations continue." And Angelbert
told reporters at the finals, "She's
never been a quitter." And that was
something that I speculated during that
initial press conference before the
finals. I was just wondering if Kathy
was possibly going to step down, if she
was going to make any indication as to
what her future is at the WNBA because
clearly tensions are so high. However,
it would be hard to bring in a new
commissioner at this point in time and
think that you could get a CBA done,
especially just them coming in and
having to pick up all of the pieces that
are currently left at the table. I think
if Kathy, for some reason, if she does
get fired or if she does step down
before the CBA is finished, then it will
probably be something where maybe Adam
will just step in and it's basically
like the owners and the players and then
Adam just makes sure everything gets
done. Another owner said, "If you fire
her now, it's admitting weakness. It's a
terrible look for the league. I can't
stand what Collier did. That was a
private conversation. It makes me not
want to fire her, even though I think
she should be fired." So, this owner is
basically saying that she's conflicted.
She realizes that Kathy isn't doing the
greatest job, but she doesn't like how
Nefisa went about with the statement
that she made and obviously sharing
those quotes from a private conversation
that she had with Kathy. Now, I will
tell you guys from some of the sources
that I have and people that are closer
to all of this than I am, there are a
lot of people who have mixed emotions
about the whole thing because it has
gotten to the point where it's gotten
petty. It's gotten messy. It's not the
greatest look for the league. It's not
the greatest look for women. And so some
people, as much as they agree with some
of the things that Nfisa Collier had to
say, they don't love the way that she
went about it. Now, another industry
insider said that Kathy has done so much
for the league commercially. People
forget how bad it was when she got
there. Her time will end. I just think
Adam is broken up by this. And like
we've talked about in previous videos,
Adam was the one who appointed Kathy
Angelbert to become WNBA commissioner in
2019. and he appointed her there to help
the league generate revenue and he
appointed her there because of her
business background. Now, what I didn't
mention in one of my previous videos is
Kathy Anglebert actually did play
basketball and she did play basketball
at the collegiic level. And so, even
though it seems like she doesn't
understand modern basketball, she is
somebody who played the game and should
understand it, I personally just think
that Kathy doesn't understand or isn't
getting on board with modern basketball.
It's kind of more of an old school
mindset. Even when it comes to the
refereeing and all of those things, I've
been one that's been calling for a clean
sweep in all areas in the WNBA. Like I
said, they fumbled the bag on so many
things. And so, I don't put all of the
blame on Kathy. I think that there's a
lot of things in play when it comes to
the WNBA that need to change in order
for it to be a profitable and successful
business and be on par with other major
sports like the NBA, like the NFL. But
there are clearly some other owners who
feel the same. Now, they also asked
player Chelsea Gray and she said,
"Things are not where we thought and
wanted them to be at this point. It's
market share, it's salaries, it's player
safety, it's everything." So, Chelsea
Gray is saying that they are still
having problems not only with the amount
of pay that they are asking for, not
only the revenue share, which I
personally think is going to be the
hardest part about this CBA is getting
the revenue share that they actually
want because there are so many factors
involved. Check out my last video to
understand that whole piece of it. but
she's also talking about player safety,
everything. So, it seems like the
players are saying that they are not
even close. However, we have heard over
and over, we've heard from Adam, we've
heard from all these people that they
intend on getting a deal done. So, I
don't know if some of these talking
points are just to play hard ball a
little bit. But other than that, you
guys, that's pretty much it. When it
comes to the CBA negotiations, it's been
relatively quiet, although I'm sure that
we'll hear next week that they will need
to extend the deadline, and I will
definitely keep you guys posted on that.
Now, something else that was creating a
stir online was the AP's greatest
college basketball players of all time.
So, their first team, they included
Caitlyn Clark, Diana Terrasi, Cheryl
Miller, Brianna Stewart, and Candace
Parker. They also did the first team
second team based on positions. And in
their second team unit was Sue Bird, Don
Staley, Maya Moore, Shemica Holdsclaw,
and Louisa Harris. I have to say I don't
know who Louisa Harris is and I watched
college basketball growing up unless I'm
missing something. Oh, okay. So, she was
at Delta State in 77.
That's crazy. So, that's why I don't
know about her. Three-time Kodak
All-American, 1975 to 77. Interesting.
And for the reserves, they have Annne
Myers, Cheryl Swoops, Lisa Leslie,
Britney Grryer, and Asia Wilson. And
interestingly enough, I'm around the
same age as Britney Grryer. And I
remember going to AAU tournaments. And
basically at these big AAU tournaments,
a ton of college scouts would come to
scout you and recruit you. Like that's
how I got my scholarship to play in
college was from one of these big AU
tournaments. And Britney Grinder were in
was in some of the same tournaments that
I was in. And I remember specifically
this tournament in Chicago and she was
playing on a court like next to ours. We
were getting ready to play and her team
was playing and the entire place was
just flooded with college scouts. Like
there was like four different games
happening at one time. All of the scouts
were watching Britney Grryer because she
was just so extremely tall even in high
school. So just thought I'd share that
with you guys. I just remember seeing
how hard she was getting recruited by so
many teams. But anyway, the reason that
this list is making its rounds on the
internet, of course, is because Caitlyn
Clark was included in first team and a
lot of people again are questioning why
Caitlyn Clark is on this list since she
did not win any college championships.
This is kind of a non-story story
because anytime Caitlyn is included on
any list, a group of fans have a problem
with it. Everybody is going to talk
about it for whatever reason. Because
yes, when you look at this list, Diana
Trosy, multiple championships. Cheryl
Miller has two, so two championships.
Brianna Stewart has four. And then
Candace Parker also has multiple
championships. So everybody on here, but
also everyone on here went to a school
that wasn't Iowa. So obviously Diana
Trosy went to Yukon. At the time when
Diana Trosy and Candace Parker were
playing, because I also watched them so
much growing up, Yukon and Tennessee
were the two schools to beat. like those
were the two schools and Yukon has
stayed in that top three spot for the
past like two decades. But anyway, I
don't want to make this story bigger
than what it needs to be. You know that
people are going to talk online. You
know that people are going to try to put
down Caitlyn's accomplishments just
because she did not win a championship.
The reason she's on this list is because
of all the records that she broke in
college and the fact that she led a team
in Iowa, two back-to-back national
championships with the team that she
had. Anybody who has eyes, anybody who
knows basketball at all realizes that
she should absolutely be on this first
team. She broke a record that was set by
Pistol Pete for heaven's sakes. Okay, I
don't need to go any deeper than that,
but the internet is always going to make
things bigger than they need to be.
Sorry you guys, I'm having technical
problems today. My camera just cut out.
But speaking of college hoops, the AP
also just dropped their top 25 teams in
women's basketball. Now, the women's
basketball college season doesn't start
until early November. So, we still have
a couple weeks. But if we look at these
top 10 rankings, you have Yukon 1, South
Carolina 2, UCLA 3, Texas 4, LSU 5. And
it seems like Yukon might be picking up
just where they left off, even without
Paige Beckers. Now, Ay Fud will be back
this season. Sarah Strong has also
proven that she is going to be such an
outstanding player. She's going to be a
force to be reckoned with on this Yukon
team. So, we'll just have to see. Do you
guys think that Yukon can go back to
back? Now, obviously, Lauren Betts is
returning to UCLA. Taniah Latson
actually transferred to South Carolina.
We had her on the show. She was the
leading scorer in in the NCA last
season. Now, she'll be going to South
Carolina, which makes them better. Texas
obviously has Mattie Booker. LSU is
always a powerhouse. Flage will be back.
So, there's a lot of outstanding players
that we are going to see this season.
And lastly, you guys, in some Caitlyn
Clark offseason news, she is going to be
golfing again. So, she is going back to
the same tournament that she played in
last year. The Anika PGA ProAm, if you
guys remember last year, is actually so
funny because she was golfing and she
like hit a pedestrian with the ball. So,
Caitlyn might not be as great of a
golfer as she is basketball player, but
everybody loves to see what she is up
to. And also last year when she played
in this same tournament, the
organization was getting emails, like so
many emails asking like, "How can we
watch this? Can you please live stream
it?" And they originally weren't going
to live stream, weren't going to
televise it at all. But they ended up
streaming it. And you are also already
seeing all of the tweets of people
asking like, "Please put it on national
television. Like, we want to watch
this." But all right, you guys. I think
that that's all that I have for you
today. And I don't know why my room just
got so dark. A big cloud must have
rolled over. But next week, I do plan on
going live for some NBA games. And I
want to show you the ball that they sent
me. How cool is this? So yeah, NBA
season is just around the corner. I do
plan to cover some more NBA topics and
go live for some of their games. This is
definitely going to have to be worked
into my set cuz
I'm just it's so cool. But anyway,
hopefully you guys will stick around for
that. We'll also be covering some more
college hoops when they kick off. It was
kind of a slow news week this week, but
I wanted to fill you guys in on some
topics that I thought were important.
But with that, let me know all of your
thoughts in the comments below. Thumbs
up this video if you enjoyed it and
click that little subscribe button
because we upload new videos every
single week. And with that, I'll see you
guys next time. Ooey and a
[Music]