This is Democracy Watch. Mark, we have
major news at the US Supreme Court.
We've watched as Donald Trump has taken
these troop deployment cases to
different jurisdictions across the
country, LA, Portland, Chicago. The
Chicago case was appealed up to the
seventh circuit court of appeals, which
agreed with the lower court against
Trump's troop deployment. Now, the Trump
administration has looked to the US
Supreme Court. So, can you give a lay of
the land of where we're at right now as
far as the Supreme Court's concerned?
Yeah. So they have taken an emergency
appeal or e sought an emergency stay uh
in the US Supreme Court. Uh the way this
goes down is they will file that and it
goes to a single justice in this case uh
uh justice Comey Barrett uh and she
refers it to the court. So she
essentially operates as traffic cop
setting deadlines for uh for when
responses are due. Uh but ultimately the
full court will decide uh one of a few
things. Number one, uh, you know, do
they want to issue a stay in the
meantime? Uh, you know, we've we've seen
that. Uh, do they just decide, you know
what, we're not interested in this case
at all. Or do they somehow reach the
merits or expedite a reaching of the
merits? Uh, we will we what we know so
far is that there has been no
administrative stay so far. So, so far
the the seventh circuit's opinion
remains in force. Um, nothing there has
changed. uh responses are due uh in this
uh to the Supreme Court on Monday and
then we will probably learn shortly
thereafter uh you know what the court
expects that it is going to do here.
>> To what extent does the fact that the
Trump administration lost at the trial
court with Judge Perry and then lost to
the seventh circuit court of appeals to
what extent does that have an impact on
how the Supreme Court may rule?
>> Well, so it should have a big impact,
right? Right? I mean, if you read the
seventh circuit's decision, what they
basically said is that the trial court's
decision was not quote clearly
erroneous. Now, th those are important
words because clearly erroneous is the
standard for findings of fact. Right?
So, when when reviewing courts look at
things, they they have to they have to
make sort of two sets of judgments. One
is did they get the law right? The
second is what were the facts? and trial
courts are given very very uh broad
deference uh uh you know to be the
determiner of fact. Uh the on the other
hand the courts of appeals and the
supreme court will review the legal
judgments sort of with a fresh set of
eyes. But what we have seen in recent,
you know, months since Donald Trump took
office that has really been
disappointing in a lot of cases is that
the trial courts find a certain set of
facts. And I'll use LA as an example.
The trial court, you know, found a
series of facts that basically said, you
know, there was no rebellion or
insurrection or or riot or, you know,
whatever the whatever the operative term
was. And that should have been sort of
the end of the story because an element
of the legal justification is a finding
fact. But the ninth circuit basically
said it's going to give notwithstanding
those findings effects, it's going to
give the benefit of the doubt to uh to
the administration. The seventh circuit
here, I think, applied the right
standard and therefore when this goes to
the Supreme Court, this should be
relatively easy because the Supreme
Court is even further away from the
underlying findings of fact. So that's
that's one reason why uh the that should
matter. The second is just a very sort
of practical reason which is that at
this point you have had um a trial judge
uh as you point out make a decision a
unanimous uh court of appeals which
includes judges appointed by various
presidents of both parties. And so
presumably the Supreme Court is looking
at that and saying look there there
really has not been any disscent at all
across a wide spectrum of judges and so
let's not jump into this one. Of course,
you know, those are famous last words
with this,
>> right? Well, that's kind of what I want
to dig into here because I I I guess my
question for for for lack of putting
this a different way is how could it be
that the Supreme Court even has any
grounds whatsoever or might have any
grounds whatsoever to claim that Trump
has any justification to do this? the
three conditions that need to be met.
Any one of the three conditions have to
be that there's a foreign invasion, a
rebellion, or a failure of the local
local government to be able to
effectuate federal law. None of those
things are happening. There is no
insurrection happening. I mean, the the
the most uh mayhem that we've seen out
of places like Portland or Chicago are a
few people in inflatable suits dancing
outside of an ICE facility. Um, and
certainly no failure of the local
government to be able to effectuate its
laws. I mean, this is not something that
that the LAPD or the Chicago Police
Department or the Portland Police
Department can't handle. And I mean, by
by his in, you know, judging against
history standards, this doesn't even
rank in the top 100 instances of of any
public disturbance. So, so if the
Supreme Court does do what I think a lot
of us fear they might do, which is lend
legitimacy or or defer to the Trump
administration, how could they do that
if it's so clearly uh if they're so if
it's so clearly baseless,
>> right? So, let's lay out the three
positions here. All right? So, on the
one hand, you have the position of
California, you know, Oregon, Illinois,
Chicago, right? all the all the states
which basically say look these are the
facts on the grounds just as you said
and judges determine that these are the
facts and and this is the legal standard
and therefore facts don't meet legal
standard end of case right that that's
that's pretty easy to understand and
makes a lot of sense to me and makes a
lot of sense to you at the other extreme
what the Trump administration is saying
is that actually the president has sole
discretion to make these findings and
they're unreable that essentially judges
can't even second guessess them there's
there's no facts to find that if a judge
that if a that if a president declares
that there is an insurrection or there
is a rebellion or you know any of those
other things that that that's just the
end of the story that it's an unreable
fact and then someplace in between and I
don't think the in between is right by
the way but somewhere in between is
where at least some of the judges on the
Ninth Circuit seem to be which is okay
we're not going to say it's unreable but
we're going to give this very very you
know not just thumb on the scale, not
even palm on the scale, but sort of like
all both elbows on the scale approach
that says essentially like we can review
it, but we're really going to credit
extraordinarily strongly what the
president says. And I just think that
that's both ah historic, in other words,
it doesn't it doesn't square with the
history of the law. It is it is contra
intent contraist for the constitution.
It is not at all what the founders of
the Constitution had in mind. It is
anti-extualist, right? It's like there's
nothing there's nothing in the law of
the Constitution that that says that
that that that that's like a madeup
standard that they have. U but most
importantly, it's also from a practical
standpoint, it is a it is a path to
authoritarianism. You know, I mean, you
and I have talked in much lower stakes
cases about the need to for courts to
abandon the presumption of regularity,
right? what what what the Trump
administration say is not even a
presumption. It's a conclusion of
regularity. What I'm afraid the courts
are trying to split the difference say
it's not a presumption of regularity. It
is essentially a um an overwhelming
assumption of regularity. You know, it
is it is that is really hard to
overcome. And I just I just don't think
that that's right. But that's what we're
all going to be watching for to see what
the Supreme Court says. A quick aside
for everybody who's watching right now,
everything that I'm learning as I
continue to follow along with uh with
this case, um whether it's in uh
Chicago, Portland, Los Angeles, or any
other city that Trump tries to deploy
his troops into, I'm learning from
Democracy Docket. So, if you're not yet
signed up for Democracy Docket, which is
the news outlet Mark founded to focus on
everything voting in elections, please
do yourself a favor. Support the work
that Mark is doing both on the
journalistic front, but also to defend
democracy where it matters most in the
courts. Sign up for Democracy Docket.
I'm going to put that link right here on
the screen and also in the post
description of this video. Mark, on on
this idea that Trump is the sole arbiter
of of who can determine whether or not
any of those conditions are met and it's
completely unreable. If the whole point
of of posi commitatus is that you can't
um deploy the US military against its
own citizens and that Trump as the
commander-in-chief would would would be
prevented from from doing that if he is
the sole person who can review that
power then then why have it at all if if
he as the commander-in-chief would be
able to to basically undermine it if and
when he wants to.
>> Yeah, it's a really great question. I
think to understand the extremism of the
Trump position on not just this issue
but frankly a whole range of issues that
involve executive power you have to
understand that they take two maximalist
positions. The first is that sure the
statute says that but it doesn't say who
gets to make the determination. And yes
in normal circumstances they would say
courts get to make determinations but
not when it comes to the military. When
it comes to the military the statute is
it is the statute. It is the law, but it
is the president who determines, not the
courts who determine how to follow that
law. Now, again, that is unbelievably uh
uh problematic uh and is, like I said, a
road towards authoritarianism. But it's
actually not even the worst legal theory
they they advance. The the real
underpinning of what the entire Trump
administration's theory of executive
power is goes like this. Article two
gives the president certain powers
including the commander-in-chief power
and the power to take care of the laws
that are faithfully executed. And that
power is unrestrainable. It is unlimited
by a statute. In other words, a statute
cannot restrict that power. And
therefore, it doesn't matter what the
laws say because article two trumps the
laws, right? The constitution trumps the
statute. So they have a view of article
2 that just basically says the president
is the executive branch and he is a
constitutional officer and he is simply
when he asserts he is operating to
either take care of the laws that are
faithfully executed or is the
commander-in-chief that's the end of the
inquiry. There can be no laws there can
be no restrictions on him and that is re
not just a road to authoritarianism that
is authoritarianism. That is what a king
would have the power to do. And so it's
important that we all support the
movement against kings in this country.
>> I I was going to ask if there's any
precedent that the courts could rely on
when when determining the answer to this
question of whether the president's
power is unreable, but I presume that
that you're going to say that this whole
thing is unprecedented because we've
never have had a president who tried to
um who tried to assert this authority.
But but correct me if I'm wrong. Has
there ever been a situation um or is is
is this completely unprecedented?
>> I mean there have been situations for
sure where presidents have exceeded
their their statuto authority or their
constitutional authority and courts have
told them no. But it is unprecedented in
the sense that there has never been a
president or an administration that is
that doesn't even try to operate within
the lines that is just you know
fullthroatedly in favor of unlimited
executive power. And that is why this is
such a danger moment, dangerous moment
in history. It is the reason why, you
know, when I say that the position that
they're urging is not just not
consistent with the law, it's not
consistent with the founders intent when
the country was started and it doesn't
have any textual support. I mean, the
one thing that the founders were worried
about more than anything else was an
overpowered uh executive, right? they
restrained the power of the presidency
through a whole bunch of mechanisms
because that was the experience they
were coming from. So what has made this
so um aggravating what angers me uh what
what at times I just find frustrating
beyond belief is that having been
lectured for almost my entire legal
career by conservative lawyers who tell
me that what they believe in is
originalism is strict construction of
the constitution is a is a government of
limited powers. Right. All of those
things that we all always heard, where
are they now?
>> Yeah.
>> Right. Where are they now? They're lined
up defending this guy when they have
been lecturing Democrats saying, "How
dare Barack Obama think he can provide
healthcare to Americans, right? I mean,
like like think about the fights that we
have had to get here, right? the the
places where where they have said that
that President Obama, President Biden,
President Clinton had exceeded
presidential authorities and because
they were the party of limited
government and small government and and
and and you know now they are defending
the most expansive most authoritarian
view that one could imagine about
executive power.
>> When thinking about this case, you know,
you and I have spoken about the case in
Los Angeles, about the case in Portland,
about the case in Chicago. I'm sure that
we were prepared to speak about the
cases that were probably going to butt
up in in New Orleans or New York or
wherever Trump decided to deploy the
troops next. is the fact that we now
have a case that's been appealed up to
the to the US Supreme Court, this is the
one out of Chicago, is that once the
Supreme Court rules here, will will
there even be need for any other cases
in any other cities? Or is this going to
be the standard that the rest of the
country looks at when determining
whether or not um Trump's troop
deployments are legal? Like, have we
have we reached the peak now of of this
whole question?
>> Right. So the first thing I want to say
is that the question Brian's asking is
the question of the future of democracy
and the best way for you to stay
informed as these developments take
place and as by the way Donald Trump
rolls out the military into other state
into other cities like San Francisco and
New York and Oakland all cities he's
talked about Memphis right the best way
to stay informed is to hit the subscribe
button uh to make sure you are
subscribed to this channel and then to
hit the bell to make sure you are
alerted when there are new videos
posted. it because that is the way we c
Brian and I can keep you informed as all
of these things move through the court.
Now to answer your question directly, it
depends on whether the Supreme Court
here just decides to do the minimum
necessary or whether it decides to, as
you say, kind of resolve the issue,
right? the in a in a in the in the in a
world of judicial restraint, in a world
in which the Supreme Court was, you
know, not putting itself into the middle
of a political thicket unnecessarily. It
would simply deny the stay, period.
Right? It wouldn't it wouldn't have to
rule on the ultimate merits. It could
let this case percolate up through trial
in the trial court, go up to the court
of appeals. It could do that and it
could just stay out. And then honestly,
you wouldn't know what the Supreme Court
thought. People might speculate, but you
wouldn't know because because they all
they'd be saying is procedurally let
this case proceed.
At the other end of the spectrum, they
can block it and say the reason we're
blocking it is X, Y, and Z. And you
know, we're going to essentially through
the shadow docket without full argument,
without all of the briefing, we're going
to essentially resolve this issue. And
look, I think that would be really
dangerous for democracy. It is not what
the emergency docket is there to do. I
mean the emergency docket is there to
handle true emergencies like people on
death row who you know don't have the
time to go through the normal process
right um uh but but there is not a
reason in a case like this why the
Supreme Court needs to put itself in the
middle on an expedited basis of what I
think is a relatively simple issue but
if they are going the other way is a
very very complicated question of what
powers do governors have over their own
over their own um over their own state
borders. You know, what does it even
mean to have a 10th amendment or
federalism if Donald Trump can take uh
you know a pretext and federalize the
National Guard in one state, move them
to another state? I mean, this is a
thicket that the Supreme Court should
stay out of. But we will only find out
once they rule whether we know what they
are thinking or whether this is just
going to carry on for another day.
>> And finally, last question here. When
can we expect some type of decision
here?
>> So, look, it's the Supreme Court. they
can they can move on whatever timetable
they want. Um I think that you know in
terms of the deadlines that Justice
Barrett put in place those are those are
fast but they're not crazy fast like
they are appropriately fast. So you know
I would expect that by the middle of
next week all the briefing will be in on
all sides. Uh and then it will be ready
for a decision. So we could have
something as early as the end of next
week. Uh or it could bleed into the
following week. I don't think it'll go
much past that. Um but again, one of the
questions to be looking at is after we
get to the briefing, you know, on
Monday, Tuesdayish when it's completed,
you know, does the Supreme Court put a
stay in place while it is deciding the
case, a so-called administrative stay or
not? And that will at least be the first
clue of perhaps where they're going.
>> Well, look, again, a reminder for
everybody watching, the best reporting
happening right now on this issue is on
Democracy Docket. So, if you're not yet
signed up, I'm going to put that link
right here on the screen and also in the
post description of this video. If
you're not yet signed up, please go
ahead and sign up. I'm Brian Tyler
Cohen.
>> I'm Mark Elias.
>> This is Democracy Watch.
[Music]