What's up, guys? It's Dan from Coin
Bureau Trading. Today, we're going to
talk about the thing that could cause
Bitcoin's price to top. If this is the
kind of content that you enjoy, be sure
to smash that like button, subscribe to
the channel, and ping that notification
bell. Before we get started, do keep in
mind that nothing in this video is
financial advice. It's just my personal
analysis of the crypto market. Your
analysis could be different. And if it
is, that's awesome because more
difference of opinion that we have, the
better traders and the better investors
we're all going to become. So, as you
guys might know, previous cycle tops in
Bitcoin have been marked by some kind of
event, like some kind of catalyst. In
2017, that was the listing of Bitcoin on
the CME futures exchange. Bitcoin
topped, I think, shortly after that. And
then, of course, in 2021, uh I mean, I
guess it depends on uh on who you ask
when the the cycle for Bitcoin was. Some
people argue that it was in April of
2021, in which case we have a catalyst
there, which was Coinbase listing on the
NASDAQ. Of course, that was, you could
say, like the first listing of a major
crypto exchange on US markets. So that
was kind of a big deal. Uh and then of
course later on uh closer to the some
would say like the actual cycle top in
early November that was kind of marked
by the listing of the first Bitcoin
futures ETF. And again like what all
these catalysts have in common is that
they make people think like oh like you
know this time is different. Bitcoin is
going to go up forever. Crypto is going
to go up forever. Uh, and of course if
we kind of zoom out and look at like
these catalysts, you can see very
clearly that they marked the top again
in 2017 and December 2017, in April 2021
if you think that was the top or in
November 2021, again in early November.
Of course, there was a little bit of a
lag in the case of the uh futures uh
ETF. The point being is that every
single time Bitcoin tops there there
tends to be some kind of catalyst to
accompany that. So, of course, that begs
the question, what is this next red
arrow going to be? What is the next
catalyst going to be? When is it going
to happen? And all this type of stuff.
Uh the short answer of course is that no
one can say for sure. Um but uh you know
it could be something as simple like one
thing I was looking at earlier today. It
could be something as simple as Bitcoin
flipping silver by market cap. That
would cause Bitcoin to rally by I think
another 10 or 15% roughly. So that would
take Bitcoin's price somewhere to around
140 or 150,000 which is of course
technically speaking that's a level that
a lot of technical analysts have been
watching like Aaron. Uh it's as a fun
fact Donald Trump once said that he
wants Bitcoin to hit 150,000. You can
look that up. It's pretty crazy. Um, but
uh apparently Donald Trump's Bitcoin
price target is 150,000. And again,
Bitcoin being around 140 150 that would
probably be enough to take Bitcoin over
silver and uh again that you can imagine
that that would cause this kind of
narrative shift of like oh like you know
everything is going to be uh amazing and
crazy and whatever. And as a as a side
note, it's a really interesting thing.
uh Micro Strategy if you look back it
actually topped when it was temporarily
I mean it was basically like in November
of 2021 uh or sorry of 2024 Micro
Strategy was temporarily the most traded
stock in the world. Okay. And then like
you know in retrospect it's like okay
well that was obviously the cycle top
catalyst for Micro Strategy right like
even at the time it's like if you were
paying attention it's like come on man
you're the most traded stock in the
world of course it's going to be the
top. Anyway we point being is that
there's probably going to be something
similar for Bitcoin. Could it be as
simple as Bitcoin flipping silver? I
think so. And you know, in terms of
AAM's razor, in terms of the
possibilities, I would say that that's
objectively speaking at the top of the
list. But if we set that aside for a
second and say, okay, it's not going to
be something as simple as Bitcoin
flipping silver. What other catalysts uh
do we have like in mind that could, you
know, that could be this red arrow here
in the next couple of months? Just keep
in mind, guys, that the spot bitcoin
ETFs, they already launched in early
2024, right? We have spock Bitcoin ETFs.
We already have governments around the
world mining bitcoin like I think it's
like Bhutan and I guess El Salvador is
also mining. El Salvador of course has
Bitcoin as legal tender. Um so we have
again like governments uh basically
using crypto. We even have like Iran and
Russia are reportedly using uh crypto
for international trade. So governments
are already using Bitcoin for
international trade. They're already
mining it. They're already using it as
legal tender. What is the one thing that
is kind of missing that still hasn't
happened? Like what is the last box for
Bitcoin to check to make people think,
oh yeah, like you know this is for real
and whatever. And again, could that box
just be Bitcoin flipping silver? Sure.
But you can almost like intuitively
think, well, it's probably going to be
something bigger. It's going to be
something that gives us a sense that
there's been a fundamental shift in how
Bitcoin is viewed, right? And all these
things, you know, some people will say,
oh, it's going to be the the Bitcoin
reserve uh that's going to be announced
by the US government. But the thing is
that people are already kind of aware of
that. Uh and you know, could that be the
catalyst? Sure. That's I would say
that's maybe like number two on the list
in terms of like the most likely things,
you know, besides flipping silver. But
the thing is that something like that is
you could argue is already kind of
priced in because everyone already knows
about it. So what is one thing that
could happen here in the next couple of
months that could actually trigger a
Bitcoin cycle top? Like you know what is
what is that catalyst going to be? And
uh I guess before I tell you guys it's
you know it's going to be really
interesting. Before I tell you guys what
I think it could be like what that cycle
top catalyst for Bitcoin could be. It's
one that no one is paying attention to.
I do need to direct your attention to
the description of this video guys.
Click on that more button there and
you'll see that there's this first deal
here. your BitGet up to 50,000 USDT
deposit bonus. Click that link. It'll
take you to a page that looks like this.
And here you'll be able to sign up for
the BitGet exchange, which the Coin
Bureau has partnered with, of course, to
get that full 50,000 USDT bonus. You're
going to have to do quite a bit of stuff
that, you know, most people can't do.
But on a personal note, guys, like I use
BitGet personally. It's an exchange that
I think is pretty awesome. I've never
had any issues with it. That doesn't
mean it's safe to keep crypto on
exchanges. You know, you should
definitely check out our wallet deal and
always keep crypto in your personal
wallet when you're not trading. That
goes without saying. Um but uh but on a
personal note, I do think Bit is an
excellent exchange. Uh and you should
try them out because they don't just
have like you know futures trading or
whatever. They also have spot trading.
They have like u you know like AI
trading bots that will help you. They
have like onchain trading, tokenized
stocks, a whole bunch of other stuff. So
do check it out. Sign up. See if you
like it. See if there's something that's
right for you. It'll help you out. It'll
help us out. And of course it'll help
out our partner. So uh if you guys
follow my content closely, you you
already know what I'm going to say is
like, you know, a potential cycle top
catalyst here for for Bitcoin. And I
should start by saying that this is you
could say like a little bit more
speculative. This is by no means
guaranteed. This is my personal opinion.
I'll repeat again that this is you could
say is very speculative. Um but I would
argue that it's less speculative than
people think. And I guess I'll I'll
start the story with back in January the
Czech national bank uh basically
proposed to add Bitcoin to the central
bank's balance sheet. And I guess in
short that is the catalyst that I think
is missing is that some central bank is
going to announce yes we're going to
hold Bitcoin as a reserve. Uh because
that still hasn't happened at a central
bank level. Like we've literally seen
everything else. We have spot ETFs. We
have Bitcoin as legal tender. We have
governments mining Bitcoin, which means
that they're also holding it, right? If
governments are mining it, then
governments are also holding it. So
governments mining Bitcoin, holding
Bitcoin, using Bitcoin for international
trade. What is the one thing that is
missing here? That's a central bank
somewhere, you know, adding Bitcoin as a
reserve. That still hasn't happened. And
I I think you can fact check me in the
comments, but I'm pretty sure that even
in El Salvador, the central bank, I
think they do they do like c they might
be custodying the fund. But I think even
in the case of C in El Salvador, the the
central bank technically doesn't hold
the Bitcoin. I I think it's still the
government under some like other fund.
But uh anyway, you can fact check me in
the comments. But anyways, back to the
the topic at hand. So back in January,
uh the Czech National Bank Governor
proposed to add uh basically Bitcoin to
the central bank's reserves. And uh
people were pretty hyped up about that.
But then what happened shortly
afterwards uh is that uh basically the
Czech National Bank announced that yes,
we're going to explore alternative
assets. But the thing is that this uh
announcement didn't specify Bitcoin.
What's really funny is that a lot of
people got upset by this and they
thought that it meant like that Bitcoin
was off the table. But the thing is that
like and I'll read it directly to you
guys is like the board however only
concluded that the Czech central bank
would explore potential addition of new
asset classes into its reserves. The
announcement did not name Bitcoin among
the potential asset classes. But the
thing is that it wasn't like it didn't
exclude Bitcoin per se. You know what I
mean? It's kind of like when you see
like MetaMask, you know, for a long time
was saying, "Oh, like uh you know, we
have no plans for an airdrop." But that
doesn't mean they're not going to do it,
right? And uh what's really interesting,
I guess a little bit of background, the
Czech Republic is a very pro crypto, pro
Bitcoin country. Uh that's where
Treasure is based. Apparently, that's
where like one of the first mining pools
started out of the Czech Republic. So,
the Czech Republic has a deep history
with crypto and Bitcoin. You can even
pay like you can buy Bitcoin at like,
you know, electronic shops and like, you
know, whatever Best Buy equivalent in
the US. I can't remember what the one is
in the UK, but at these big electronic
stores, you can actually buy Bitcoin.
You can like pay for services in Bitcoin
in many places. So again, the Czech
Republic as a country is pretty pro
Bitcoin, pretty pro- crypto. So that's
one thing to kind of keep in mind there.
And uh so this is where things start to
get really interesting. So again,
January, Czech National Bank basically
announces, hey, we're going to consider
adding Bitcoin to our reserves. Then
they make an announcement saying, yeah,
like we're basically approving into
looking into alternative assets, but
because Bitcoin wasn't mentioned
specifically, people are like, oh, it's
a scam. It's over. They're not going to
add Bitcoin. and then it just kind of
faded away into irrelevance, right?
Which is, you know, that's like the
biggest mistake I think you could make.
You have to be paying attention. So,
this is where things get really
interesting, guys. Uh, over the summer,
there started to be basically a scandal
with the Czech government. And the TLDDR
there is that some guy allegedly bribed
I think like some justice minister uh
who was in the government and he
allegedly bribed him using Bitcoin and
then the government basically seized
that Bitcoin. You know, classic case
some would say. Um but long story short
is that there's been this scandal going
on which is I think still technically
ongoing uh where again uh the Czech
justice minister was bribed with bitcoin
uh and uh and basically the government
found out and the government seized that
bitcoin and this is where things get
really interesting is that uh in this
case and you know it's it's very I guess
you could say stereotypically like
bureaucratic of like Eastern Europe or
whatever and I'll just read it out to
you because it's pretty crazy. So uh
basically the justice min uh ministry
has finalized settlements with two
groups of bitcoin buyers because of
course there was people who wanted to
buy that bitcoin right they paid money
to these bitcoin buyers. The ministry
retained the donated bitcoins and
returned the equivalent funds to the
buyer ensuring the state did not incur
losses. So basically what happened is
that like people wanted to buy the
bitcoin. They like put in their bids to
buy the bitcoin and then the
government's like yeah we're just going
to give you money and we're going to
keep the bitcoin. Isn't that a little
weird? That's basically what happened
and it's it's very very bizarre. So
basically to to my understanding uh
right now the Czech uh government is
still holding like again they seize
these bitcoins then they sold the
bitcoin to these people who wanted to
buy the bitcoin like from the government
you know in kind of like classic case
like I don't know if you guys know but
in the US and other countries typically
it happens when like a property is
seized in like a criminal investigation
it gets auctioned off later right so
there was probably some kind of auction
and people had lined up to buy this
bitcoin and the government was like
actually no we're not going to give you
the bitcoin we're just going to give you
money and we're going to keep the
bitcoin and There was a whole bunch of
other rabbit hole there where like the
buyers were like we don't even want the
Bitcoin because it's tied to criminal
activity. So the transactions are like
have problems. So if you try and deposit
to an exchange we're going to get
flagged. Like it's a whole rabbit hole
of like stuff that's been happening
there. But the key point being is that
the Czech national bank wants to buy
Bitcoin especially the central bank
governor. He actually sees Bitcoin as an
alternative reserve asset. The Czech
national bank uh basically said yeah
like we are looking at exploring
alternative assets. They didn't mention
Bitcoin specifically but it's still on
the table technically speaking. Then you
have uh the Czech government basically
that now as a result of some scandal
over the summer is now holding a bunch
of Bitcoin that it apparently was not
able to sell to investors and it's just
sitting on his balance sheet. And you
know, you don't have to be some like
conspiracy theorist like speculative guy
to think where do you think that Bitcoin
is going to end up? Do you think the the
Czech government is just going to hold
it or are they going to say, "Hey, like
we'll just sell this Bitcoin to the
Czech national bank. We'll get that
money that we just paid out to these
guys who want to buy the Bitcoin." Like
I'm sorry if if it's a little confusing.
I know it's really uh crazy, but the
last couple things to mention here,
guys, is that, you know, you might be
skeptical. Oh, I don't think the Czech
central bank's going to add Bitcoin.
Well, they recently added uh Coinbase to
their portfolio. Uh and they also
increased their holdings of Palunteer.
So, if you're skeptical that they're
adding alternative assets or
cryptoreated assets, it's it really does
look like they're heading in that
direction. Like with buying Coinbase,
like come on. Like, they're tiptoeing in
that direction. Just because they're
tiptoeing in that direction, it doesn't
tell us when they're actually going to
potentially uh, you know, like announce
that they've purchased the bit this uh,
Bitcoin from the Czech government or
anything, right? What I suspect, guys,
is that this is probably going to happen
after the Czech elections, which are
this weekend, this Friday, Saturday. So,
don't be surprised if like sometime in
October, mid-occtober, late October,
that we get an announcement out of the
Czech National Bank saying, "Hey, we've
purchased this Bitcoin from the Czech
government." um you know and uh
basically well the main announcement
will be Czech national bank has
purchased Bitcoin as a reserve asset and
then the subtitle will be like they
bought it from the the Czech government
that sees these bitcoins right it's not
like they went out on the open market
and went out to an exchange and bought
it they just bought it like OTC from the
government but of course imagine the
headline check national bank buys
bitcoin and then imagine that you would
see other central banks saying oh like
we're considering doing the same we will
do the same we are doing the same and
this is definitely the type of catalyst
that would make people think oh my god
like Bitcoin is just going to keep going
up forever. We made it, you know, like
now the central banks are accumulating
Bitcoin. Like move over US bonds, move
over gold. It's all going to be for
Bitcoin, right? Like this is exactly
that kind of catalyst. And if you guys
are still skeptical and you think this
is too speculative, I'll give you I
guess one last thing uh to just think
about. I don't know if you guys know,
but there's a guy named Samson Mao. He
used to be part of Blockstream, which is
like one of the biggest Bitcoin
companies, you could say. And uh Samson
Mao I think in the previous cycle he
left uh Blockstream to start a company
called Jan 3. And the the focus of that
company is to basically go around and
try and convince governments and central
banks to adopt Bitcoin. Uh and what's
really interesting is Samson spoke uh at
the BTC Prague conference over the
summer and like you know what are the
chances again remember the Czech the
Czech Republic as a country is very pro
crypto very uh pro Bitcoin uh and then
the the head of the Czech national bank
is exploring Bitcoin as a potential
asset. What are the chances that Samson
met with either that guy or someone in
the Czech central bank? Maybe he
probably didn't go personally. Maybe he
sent someone uh you know, one of his I
don't know like assistants or whatever,
right? Because it could it could
potentially be be bad optics if they're
spotted in the wild like Samson Mau
speaking with the head of the Czech
National Bank. So they just sent like
some random dude to the event and maybe
they spoke behind the scenes, you know,
about and again, of course, you could
say this is pure speculation, but again,
you have a guy who has literally
dedicated his career since the last
cycle to traveling around the world and
speaking with governments and central
banks about adopting Bitcoin. And he was
in Prague recently, uh, which is, you
know, where all this stuff is kind of
happening. Uh and not only that, but he
literally said here, this is a headline
from what like like three three days ago
where Samson mouse says uh basically I
think we're on the tail end of gradually
and we're at the beginning phases of
suddenly thing these things happen very
quickly referring to the potential for
more countries to adopt strategic
Bitcoin reserves. uh it's likely to it's
like literally gradually then suddenly I
think it's simply a matter of time
before we see a massive runup and a
massive nation state FOMO you know panic
and like again what would cause that you
know could it be again could it be just
the US government you know announces
their strategic Bitcoin reserve sure but
again in my opinion I think a lot of
that is priced in the one thing that is
not priced in is again this news that
some central bank elsewhere outside of
the US would be like hey we're adding
Bitcoin as a reserve asset and then the
chain reaction of announcements that
would be likely to trigger and again
I'll reiterate that yes this is very
specul ulative and some would argue it's
like extremely speculative but I
personally think it's less speculative
than you think especially when you
consider again the Czech government or
the Czech uh Czech Republic as a country
is very pro crypto very pro Bitcoin the
Czech national bank has been looking
into this and then you have a guy you
know whose focus is to basically speak
with central banks and governments about
adopting Bitcoin is literally in Prague
over the summer at the same time that
the Czech government is going through
the scandal where they now have a whole
bunch of Bitcoin that they basically
don't know what to do with and then you
have the Czech national bank sitting
there like thinking like yeah I might
want to buy Bitcoin because I'm
literally buying like the most
speculative stocks that are out there.
So, you know, to to you know, to go a
little bit further and from buying
Coinbase to buying Bitcoin, is that is
it really that big of a leap? Is do you
really think it's that that big of a
leap uh of judgment and and and
whatever? Anyways guys, if you did make
it this far, be sure to smash that like
button, subscribe to the channel, ring
the notification bell, and I'll see you
in the next