Ladies and gentlemen, what is going on?
Welcome to the stream for Thursday. This
is not going to be a crypto stream for
everybody that's hopping in here right
now. Just give me a one in chat if you
can hear me hear me clearly. It's very
helpful if you give me that quick one
just so I know I set the chat and
everything correctly and then we're
going to get started here in two
seconds. Make sure everything's running
right.
>> Ultimate is the Awesome.
Cool. Give me a one in chat if you can
hear me clearly.
I'll get started here in a sec.
[Music]
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay,
guys. So, here's what we're going to be
doing today. Pretty simple, like normal
stream. Basically, what we're going to
do, we're going to talk business today.
It's not a crypto stream. We're not
going to be talking about crypto or
anything like that. you got questions
about your business, whatever you want
to do, you want to talk about Hyros,
stuff like that, that's what we're going
to be doing. Normally, we do these calls
to all of our customers at Hyros, which
I think we have a lot of you guys on
right now. And uh what I do is I just
hop on, answer any questions you guys
have a business over the years. I've
built uh net worth around multiple
hundreds of millions right now. I think
we actually broke that recently on
paper. And uh if you guys have questions
about how I did that, how you can do
that on your business, throw it at me.
I'll answer questions. We'll hang out
for an hour.
Watch collection when uh I think when we
get to 200,000
maybe 200,000 followers subscribers on
YouTube then maybe I'll do a watch
collection video. Can I also stream this
on pump? I'm not this isn't a pump
stream. This is a business stream. This
is for high-risisk customers.
Morett says the best way to blow up a
SAS AI business. So basically any type
of software business. So I mean
when it comes to SAS
it doesn't matter if it's AI or not you
have to find some type of break. I mean,
if you're doing AI for B toC, business
to c consumer, I don't know. I've never
built one of those.
You're doing it B2B,
there's two types of software you can
build. You can build something kind of
like a Zapier, which kind of has an
indefined
return or something like Slack. Like you
can't really go and attach a number to
how much money Slack is making or losing
you. I don't like building SAS softwares
like that. If I'm going to build a SAS
software, what I want to do is I want to
find some breakage in the business. So,
for example,
uh at Hyros, I'm sure you guys have I've
seen Hyros you guys, the customers, we
plug into people's advertising and then
when they track their ads correctly
using Hyros, on average, they're going
to save about 15% of their ad spend and
they're going to increase their ad scale
by about another 15%. So, all in all,
they're going to be making 15 20% more
money from their business. That's a 100k
per month business. They're going to be
making an extra 220,000 or they're going
to make an extra 20,000. We can easily
build them a thousand dollars a month
for that. Same exact thing applies to a
a SAS software, especially if it's AI,
you need to find some breakage in the
business and then you fix the breakage
using AI. So, for example, kind of like
we've done at Hyros Air.
C said everything is oversaturated. How
do you find your niche? So in business
when you start up, nothing is really
that oversaturated. It's it's the fact
that you're looking to try and do
something too big. If you nettle down
and you're trying to make a million
dollar per year business, nothing's
saturated. So for example, if I wanted
to make hyros, but tracking was
completely oversaturated, I'd go and
make it just for doctors. And I'd make a
tracking solution just for doctors.
If you want to get started in anything,
you need to start down. You need to
narrow down a niche where you can be
number one in. I don't care if it's a
small niche, and it's a very small
niche. You can't scale to tens of
millions of dollars per year. You have
to find a niche that is very small where
you can absolutely dominate. So, if I
wanted to go and make an AI ad software,
there's like a billion of them on the
market right now, but if I made an AI ad
software that's specifically made for
roofers and only works for roofers and
has like all this training and models
and stuff inside of it that roofers can
use, that's how I would get a huge edge
in that business. So, that's what I
would want to do to find my niche. have
something saturated. I'd use that same
exact process.
Danny says, "Do you think AI will create
ultra saturation and make it hard for
people to eventually make new
businesses?" I don't think so. And I
don't really know. I don't know the
answer to that question, but there's
always going to be you're always going
to have to use the AI to solve different
problems. You're going to have to find
ways to construct it. So, for like
example, I I don't see there's nothing
with AI right now that's like building
businesses. Even in Hyros, we use lots
of AI for Hyros Air and the automation
of emails and finding people to come to
the sites and all that kind of stuff.
And
you still have to arrange how the
information gets to the AI and you have
to understand how the AI works. It's not
somebody that just can go build a
business on its own. you you really have
to. For example, at Hyris Air, we get
all the tracking data from people going
on websites and we feed that to air in a
very structured way and then we work
with tons and tons of prompts and stuff
in the background to make it so when it
sends emails out to people when they
land on websites and brings customers
back to websites to get them to buy.
There's a lot of lot of work that goes
in there to make the AI do that. You
couldn't just tell the AI to do it. It's
about putting the AI together the
correct way. And there's nothing even in
the AI world that's doing that remotely
at this point. And so I don't think so.
Would you recommend going to college? I
don't understand why anybody would go to
uh college in 2025. Like they don't
teach you anything new. It's so
ineffective that you get mad that most
people that go to college are in debt
till they're like 50 because it's so
broken and overexpensive. Like you can't
get away from the debt. And if you look
at all the stuff right now, you're
they're being taught by absolute I,
forgive my French, retards. Like there's
literally just people teaching their own
versions of history and woke mythology
uh at these schools. There's no reason
to do it. I I I don't check college
degrees at my business. And I don't
really know anybody that does anymore.
And I would rather take somebody who's
been It's just such pointless
information. There's nothing you're
going to learn in school that's
relevant. You should just spend four
years learning AI or learning code or
learning to engineer or learning just to
do something on your own and then just
go apply to business. You the lower
levels you get hired. I I don't
understand why people go to college. It
is such a huge scam especially in 2025
just because information is so widely
available. It's not like in the 60s
where like the only way to learn how to
do anything is like you had to go in
person and learn from somebody. There
was no internet to find information.
Yet college is 10 times more expensive
and the debts there. It's just so
stupid.
[Music]
Let's see. What do we got going on? I'm
looking for the good questions.
Is this a pre-record webinar? No, it's
not.
So, tutor says, "How do you find a
players for your team?" Now,
the answer you're probably not going to
like for
this question is that when you're just
starting a business, you're probably not
going to get the most AF of A high
players at a high level. You're probably
going to have to give up some equity or
something like that to get an A player
at your startup, especially if you're a
new entrepreneur. You're just not going
to get that. um and and experienced
people and you're usually going to have
to find your A players from your entry
level employees. For example, a lot of
the higherups at Hyros all started as
customer support agents and they worked
their way up over the the last decade
we've been building software together.
So, what you need to look for is the
characteristics of A players. They do
stuff without being told. Do they go and
make systems better? And what you're
going to see a players do is when you
put them in an area, they just naturally
make whatever they're doing better
without you really having to tell them
to do it. And then you want to go and
you want to reward that and nurture that
early on in your business. And so that's
what I would be looking for if I started
a business. If you're trying to find a
players later on, you really need to
build something that is exciting and a
place people want to work at. So
that's not going to be every business
either. And so I also really suggest
like you can do a lot of damage with be
players uh and people who are not going
to be the greatest employees all the
time if you know how to manage and
structure and reward and incentivize
people the right way. So I would really
focus more on yourself and how you
communicate and incentivize your
employees to do things than how you set
them up for success. And you can turn a
lot of B players into A players with the
right coaching. So those are some things
to think about.
Someone said, "How would I invest? How
would I invest 50K?" If you're brand
new, I would just keep all of it and use
it to fund myself as I as I learn
businesses and how to grow them. Um,
[Music]
if I just had 50K laying around,
I wouldn't I I would use it to start a
business. Like, what are you going to do
with $50,000 at a 5% return
for a year? like you need you're going
to need more money than that if you're
going to actually like live off it or
something like that. So,
I don't know.
What is my morning routine? I get up
about 2:00 a.m.
I do a HIT workout.
I jump in front of the red light therapy
machine. I do my skincare routine. I do
my injections.
Then I grab some coffee. I work for
about four hours. Uh then I do some
cardio.
Then I get back to my desk and work for
another four hours and I'm probably
going to eat lunch and kind of do
whatever. And uh some other biohacking
stuff and it's it's not really that
spectacular of a day to be honest.
[Music]
Why do I wake up at 2 a.m.? I don't
know. I just want to get up. I get I get
sleepy at like 8:00 and bored and I just
go to bed and wake up.
I don't see why people find it so crazy
to wake up at 2 am. Like, if you go to
bed at 8:00, like, you can get up at 2
a.m. It's not It's not very hard.
There's no point to it. If you want to
wake up at like 5 or 6 or 9 or 10 or
whenever the [ __ ] you get up, it's it's
totally up to you.
Uh,
how do I make my thumbnails? You can you
I mean with
it depends on the type of thumbnail that
I'm making. One, I can just jump in
front of the camera and take a picture
of myself and then I can use AI to edit
it. Right now, you just use Higsfield or
something. If you want to make like a
digital version of yourself, you can
just use Higsfield uh and then do that.
What's the difference between Hyros and
Stape? I don't know. I haven't
researched Stape. Hyros is better at
tracking everything. Look at our results
and all the people inside of it. And you
can literally come and try Hyros for
free. Like if you don't make more money
from your ads, you you don't have to pay
for it. Same thing with air. Like you
can literally just go try air. If it
doesn't grow your business by 3 to 5%.
Like you just don't pay for it. That's
that's it.
Jerry says, "I agree with you skipping
college unless you want to enter a
specific field like medicine or law."
See, here's the thing with that, and I'm
going to then I'm going to get off the
college thing. I just I just hate
college so much. Like, why would you go
to school for seven years to make to get
in the medicine or law? Like, the reason
why you have to do it is because college
gate blocks those two professions. I
know yes you need to go and actually be
trained to be a doctor or do law but the
way they teach it is absolutely stupid
that it takes a person 10 years and
getting hundreds and hundreds and
hundreds of thousands of debt to become
that we need the reason why doctors and
med medical care and lawyers are so
expensive and all sucks is because we
can't produce enough of them because
colleges are setting up these stupid
stupid education systems that don't do
anything. I I refuse to believe that you
can't train someone to be a lawyer in
four years. Like I've worked with a lot
of lawyers. There's nothing they're
doing that's that [ __ ] complicated
that it couldn't be trained to do in
four years and it couldn't be taught for
$20,000. I don't know. There's nothing
too remarkable going on there. Same
thing with doctors. Like if you go to
your general doctor, yeah, they need to
be trained, but I don't think a doctor
needs to be going to school for 10
[ __ ] years and getting $500,000 in
debt. Like a lot of the things they're
doing, if you want to specialize, be a
surgeon or something like that. Yeah,
you need to go and start doing the
surgery and getting that training
immediately. And it shouldn't be gate
blocked by colleges and they're
extremely inefficient way that they
teach. So even then like it should just
should be boycotted because they're
ruining those two professions and gate
blocking them. They shouldn't it
shouldn't be a part of that.
What offers and models are outperforming
on highest? People always ask like
what's the best business? What's the
best offer you can have? I mean,
obviously AI businesses are doing very
well right now, but the businesses that
do well are the businesses that have
products that work and deliver results
for their customers and and then
advertise those results. So, like I know
all sorts of boring ass businesses that
just make [ __ ] tons of money. Like for
example, if you looked at Alexosi
stream, they made 100 million a day and
they're selling an info business, which
is basically like there's millions of
other people out there and they get
wildly different results. So, it's all
about your brand, it's about your
product, it's results you get for your
customer. And so the things I see
perform best are the people that have
the best brands and the best results and
the best reoccurring customers or people
coming back. If you have that, the whole
entire business explodes.
Uh the difference between air and hyros.
Um why I can just show you inside the
software. One sec.
[Music]
One sec.
Go log in real quick.
Yeah. So,
you're looking at air right now. And so
basically what air is and what the
difference between air and hyros I mean
they're both the same ex exact same
thing they rely on different they rely
on hyros's tracking mechanism but what
air does is when like a person lands on
the site let's imagine like someone
comes to hyros they land on our
e-commerce page what it's going to do is
it's going to recognize that person
coming to the website and be able to
find their their information and then
email them and what it's going to do is
it's going to look at all the things
that they're looking at on the page. So,
for example, if we go inside of Hyros
our account, you can see that it's added
about um $113,000 in MR for Hyros right
here. So, that's millions of dollars per
year it's generated for us by sending
out these emails. And so, if I go right
here, you can actually see it's
recognizing what people are actually
doing on the site and then it reaches
out to them and messages them like a
customer support agent and talks to them
and then gets them to come back and book
a call. So, it's going to recognize them
and bring them back to the site. And so
then I can see all the calls and
everything being brought in um and all
the sales coming in. So that's what air
does. It's going to go and find people
when they land on the site. Um I can
just show you a flow real quick for
example.
Uh
so what I can do is I can set it up
right here and set it so that when I
don't know if you guys can see the
entire page. One sec.
Got to get my ugly face out of here.
I'll bring I'll be right back in there.
I promise. But um I can set it right
here so it fires whenever people land on
our sales page. And what's going to do
is going to check if they make a call or
book a call with us. If they don't book
a call, then it's going to look at all
the things they were looking on the page
and then send them an AI email based on
what they were looking at on the page.
So they're on the e-commerce page. It's
going to hit them up saying like, "Hey,
I know you were looking at the
e-commerce. We have really good Shopify
features. You should come back and check
it out." It'll also send text messages
really soon, too. It's also going to
just talk back to them. So it's they're
going to like it's going to say, "Hey,
we notice you're checking the e-commerce
pages. Do you have any questions?" and
then air will talk back to them and
close them and get them on the phone
call. So that's what air does. You can
just build AI agents that automate and
recognize people, bring them back to
your site and make you more sales. Um,
and that's why you see like people come
in and uh we have like businesses that
increase their revenue by 10 15% just by
adding air. What Hyros is is I don't
have the tracking all set up in this
dashboard right here. This is just kind
of like a a mock account. But what Hyros
is is is tracking that you can then put
on your business. And I don't think the
best example is going to be
let me let me just show you real quick.
So what I can do easily do is see all
the tracking for my business and
actually see which ads are tracking
accurately. The really cool thing about
this is we can put all this inside the
Facebook ad manager. And so I'm able to
actually go and track my ads correctly
uh differently than I would be in the
the ad manager which isn't tracked very
well. So that's what the two products
do. That's the difference between them.
Hyros is uh Hyros core is tracking for
ads and so what that allows people to do
is just track their ads much better and
then run their ads better to grow it.
Air is like having a person that watches
your customers come to your website and
then calls them and then runs specific
onetoone marketing based on what they're
looking at to close them on a sale. So,
uh, the long-term vision for Hyros, I
think one, it's it's air. It's going to
be one, the tracking is is essential for
all of it, but we want to be an AI data
collection company. And so, what you see
us doing is collecting tons and tons of
data for AI, and we want our customers
to be able to deploy that data to build
apps and solutions for their customers
or deploy that data in the air to run
remarketing and all sorts of um outbound
remarketing
and AI agents. And so we want the
tracking at Hyros to power AI and that's
what we're trying to build long term
with it. The direction we're heading in.
What's your hot take in business that
most people won't agree with?
I don't know. I don't really think about
what most other people think. I just
don't I don't know what people don't
agree with or anything. I think my own
things about business and that's it.
Great answer. By the way, you know,
someone says, "Will air work for a new
business?" Yeah, you just slap it on. It
works for small, big, giant business. We
have businesses that are doing like $20
million a month using air. And then we
have businesses that are doing like
$5,000 a month using air, too. It works
for everything.
[Music]
What's a business take that Alexi that
would have disagree with you on that you
can work four hours a day and still get
tons of work done?
Um
sometimes you don't need to work 12
hours a day. It comes down to your
decisions and creativity uh sometimes
more than it comes down to the actual
hours you put in. So that's one thing.
But I haven't made $100 million in a day
recently anytime soon. So,
no. Auster says, "Why don't you promote
your book more?" Um, cuz my goal is to
get Hyro to $10 million a month. Like,
that's just what I want to build. And I
don't care about the book. I don't want
to be I don't want to be I don't want to
be like Alex or or her. I like I like
it. I'm not saying there's anything bad
going over there, but I don't want to I
don't want to be like that. I don't want
to be um some Grant Cardone or anything
like that. I want to build a $10 million
per month software company and I don't
see what making books has anything to do
with that about
Rohan says if I were to start a coaching
business in 2025 what would I do? I
would focus on my YouTube and uh and
Instagram personal brand because like
everybody in their dog knows how to run
ads to their info business and so
there's no way to really stand out
unless you have a brand. So, you got to
focus on making yourself famous uh when
it comes to coaching so people will pay
you for the coaching. I wouldn't start a
coaching business. I I think it's just
too damn [ __ ] difficult because
everybody has a coaching business. At
Hyros, I have like two competitors and
they're both doing completely different
things than Hyros. So, it's really easy
to grow and scale the business because
like nobody wants to build the software
that we've built. It's too hard. There's
a billion different coaches everywhere.
So, I don't I'm not pooping on you if
you're a coach or anything like that.
Like great, I it's make money. I don't
care. I don't care how you make money.
I'm just saying it's really hard. It's
very hard to scale that business up.
Exhausting.
Why do I wear sunglasses and doors? Cuz
there's a big light right there pointing
at me and it's just uncomfortable in my
eyes.
What's the play with Hyros in school?
Well, you can plug hyros in the school
and and uh run an air
run air on it. Make extra sales. You can
track all your ads to school with
hyrosus as well.
How to do things that you get scared of
but you need to do for your business.
I could give you some motivational
speech but you just have to do them or
you just have to stay poor.
are at the level you're at. Like I I
would much rather just
like for example uh we did that we did
that pump fun stream launch two weeks
ago and I did that very short notice
because I want to get out there and test
and do something new and that made me
really nervous doing that and I'm not
particularly used to streaming or
anything like that and it was an
absolute disaster. It was pump fund
crash and everything. So it was just an
absolute mess. It was a nightmare. Uh we
couldn't even stream the first two
hours. Then we the coin went up and then
crashed back then. It was it was a total
mess and debacle uh because of Pump Fun
crashing and not that's just because we
sent so much traffic there. It's not
like Pump's problem or anything like
that. I like Pump a lot and we're still
streaming on there now. But that was
something that was like very um scary
for me and I just [ __ ] did it and it
still didn't even go well and I just
learned from it and kept going and when
you do things things are going to go
bad. Here's an example of me um kind of
making an ass of myself from the the the
stream crashing and I still [ __ ] did
it because I know I'm going to gain from
that. I'm going to keep going. So even
after 101 15 years in businesses, like
I'm still going to hop head first into
things and take risk and do things that
scare me because I don't want to stay at
the same level. Um I find that much more
intolerable than uh being scared or
making a poo poo head out of myself a
little bit to learn and move in a good
direction. So you're just going to have
to [ __ ] do it or you're going to have
to stay where you are.
And if and if you're not motivated
enough to leave where you are, I don't
know how to I don't know what else to
tell you. Like there you need to go
figure out what you really want or
figure out what's going on in your head.
Do you think Tony Robbins teachings
helped you a lot? I don't do self-help
really. I used to a lot when I was
younger. I'm not saying Tony Robbins
teachings don't help people. Obviously
they do. I just don't do self-help. Uh,
I think sitting down and and thinking
deeply on your business and your product
and getting to work and isolating
yourself from distractions and removing
all the things that are separating you
from where you want to go in life is
just going to what's going to get you
results.
It's not going to be some motivation
thing because motivation doesn't come
consistently unless you optimize your
life around what you're trying to do. So
that's just my two cents.
Um, so back in the early days of hire
us, how much of your time went in the
hiring and building the team? You can
get a lot done with a small group of
guys. We had we we had I hired our CTO.
Um, I had my COO and then I had kind of
our head of customer success. And a lot
of time a lot of the time spent was it's
the same thing I'm doing at Air right
now. You you you create a a product, you
get it to somebody, you put in their
hands, and then you see how the if the
product gets some results or not. If it
doesn't, you tweak the product until it
does get them results. Okay? Then you
got the product out there. Then what do
you need to do next? You need to learn
how to sell the product. So you start
getting people on phone calls. You start
selling the product. And then what
you're basically doing as a CEO is you
start off.
So for example, like Air all the the
first sales calls with Air recently, I
did them because I need to create the
call system uh for my team to then
replicate. And so you need to figure out
like, all right, what what's the thing
bottlenecking this part of the business?
What's the next step? How do I create
that and turn it into a system, then
teach a team member to do it, and then
have them run that system. And so it's
basically what you're going to be doing
a lot as a CEO, especially early on. You
have to come up with the the building
blocks of the business and what things
are stopping it from growing and then
systemize it. So that's mostly what
you're going to be doing all the time
all the way to the top.
Bren says, "Nonobvious SAS AI
opportunities." Now look, Brenn, I'm
super happy that you're here and excuse
me, my my answer is a little bit spicy.
I I'm I'm just answering this way
because I want to give you the best
answer to help you. So, thank you for
being on the stream. So, like
non-obvious, SAS, AI, and opportunities.
It's It's kind of a silly question,
Brandon. Like, do you think I have like
a list of opportunities just like
sitting right in front of me? you if it
it doesn't come down to like having some
good idea that comes to you in the
shower. Like the way you find
opportunities is you look at businesses
and you look at potential customers that
you could sell to and you find out what
their problems are and the things that
are [ __ ] up their business and
whatnot, you know? Like, and even if you
do have a really good idea or
opportunity, it's not going to work
unless you like [ __ ] put in the
blood, sweat, and tears to make it work.
Like, if you think about air, for
example, the the the product shit's
money. You slap it on your website, the
AI starts messaging people that come to
your website and converts them into
customers for you.
Amazing idea. It took us six months and
back and forth and optimizing the AIS
and doing all the stuff and working with
customers and tweaking the emails coming
out and just 6 to 8 months of like still
just getting it together where we're now
just selling it and then getting it in
the customer's hands. Like it it's not
just enough to have a good idea.
Or if you look at something like I
closed for example, they're doing very
well now. And Callumly dominated the
market in call bookings. And so they
took something that was just already
being done and just made it better and
just worked and worked and worked at it
and took a lot of market share doing
that. So it doesn't come down to having
good ideas.
What would I do if I was a software dev?
I mean, build products, of course.
It's kind of hard. It's kind of hard if
you're deving the products because
there's so much other stuff that goes
into
the business.
Everything that goes in the business,
you really you really got to have your
head looking at other places in the
business. If you're just making code,
I think it'd be really tough
because coding just takes time. You're
going to be at your desk like four or
five hours a day and if you're reviewing
code and architecture and all that kind
of stuff, it's going to be really hard
to run all the other parts of the
business.
Is there any new projects like Hyris? I
don't want to start any new businesses.
I can Hyus at the moment is is worth
about $200 million give or take. I think
if you put us like on a low-end uh MR
multiplier
valuation, the last offer we got was
$150 million which we didn't take and I
think I can get to being worth $500
million but not easily but I think we
can I think it's quite a reasonable
thing that we can go after. So I don't
see the point in starting another
business like I I and then get it from
500 million to a billion. It' just be
easier to get it from 500 to a billion
than it would to make be make another
business that's worth $500 million. like
it took a lot of time to get high-risisk
at this point. So, um I don't I don't
want to start another business. Like I I
adamantly try not to start other
businesses. I do that crypto stuff on
the side for fun, but like I really
don't want another business.
[Music]
How effective do you think meme culture
is at enhancing business? There's only
one thing that matters in business. It's
going to come down to your product
working customers results and that they
love your product.
If you have that, eventually the
business is going to tip over and
snowball to the point that it's
extremely successful. You can do all the
meme culture and clever [ __ ]
marketing you want. If your product
doesn't keep customers and make them
happy, and you can't advertise those
results to kingdom come, and you don't
have big brands and people lining up at
the door to use your business because of
how well it works, you're just going to
have a hard ass time no matter what.
And so, I think almost you should almost
just design an entire business around
the product. And that's the type of
businesses I like to build. It's just so
damn hard building your business around
marketing because you always have to be
doing something else to convince people
to buy a product that they don't
actually really want.
[Music]
Do I have enough money to enjoy my life
without worrying about money? Yes, of
course. But I want to be a billionaire
because that sounds like fun. I I don't
I I like what I'm doing. I enjoy
building businesses. I enjoy playing the
game.
It's not about making money to enjoy my
life. There's no amount of money I can
make that will make my life more
enjoyable. I'm just as happy now as when
I was 23 and like brokish.
You're not going to get happier by
having lots of money. You're not going
to get more fulfilled if you can't be
happy just as you are. Period. You're
not going to be happy with money.
It just doesn't work like that.
Uh Given says B2B or B TOC SAS why I
mean I'm going to say B2B all day
because it's very easy to pinpoint uh
problems in business and fix them and
then relate it to money. So for example,
hire us on a pitch. I can say we're
going to make you an extra $20,000 a
month. Um you're going to pay us $1,000
a month and we're basically selling a
$100 bill for $20. I love running
businesses like that and I think those
are the easiest to scale. So
that's why I prefer B2B.
uh biohacking routine. I mean, I do all
of it.
The injections, the 100 vitamins, uh the
hyperbaric chamber, we just got a really
sweet one installed in the house that
I'm going to be doing daily, the red
light therapy,
uh injecting peptides. I mean, I do it
all, dude. Skincare routine, diet. You
gota I've been doing that stuff before
Brian Johnson was doing it. He of course
took it to an entirely different level
of um research and tracking.
What business would I start if I was 30
right now? It depends on my my skill and
experience in business
and how much money I had on my hand.
Um,
I'd start an AI a small AI app business
if I was 30 right now and just had my
experience and I didn't have any money.
I' I'd focus on making little 20 $30,000
per month little mini AI uh softwares or
something like that. I'd definitely
learn code and I' I'd start using that
with AI to make really small tools
really quickly. I wouldn't I wouldn't
necessarily suggest that's the best for
everybody, but like I've I learned
JavaScript pretty fast and got to the
point where I could code video games
pretty quickly, so I don't think making
mini apps would be that hard for me to
do. So that's what I would do.
[Music]
Can you think of a good pitch or free
trial for an AI agent? the the pitch we
have at air. We get people on a call and
we show them that on average when
businesses come on the air, they make 3
to 5% more revenue from their business.
And then we say, "Look, we'll plug you
in. We'll set it up for you and um you
pay us after it makes you 3 to 5% more
revenue from your business."
That's the pitch. Like we we don't
really have a pitch. It's like, "Hey, do
you want free money or not?" That's the
the secret to a good pitch is the
product. So, for example, at Hyros, the
secret to our pitch over there. Yeah,
Hyros shits fire and brimstone. It's
really cool, but it's again, hey, like
you're running ads, you're not tracking.
On average, businesses increase their ad
revenue by 15 20% when they use Hyros.
You want to come and apply Hyros to your
business. We'll help you set it up. And
if you're not making $10,000, $20,000
per month more from your $100,000 per
month business, like you don't pay for
it. That's the pitch again. So, like I
like I like products where I'm basically
offering people $100 for 20 bucks and
then and then we make then you make it
risk- free. If the product works, you
can do that. And so the pitch all really
comes down to the product, not so much
the pitch.
[Music]
What's the secret to a great MVP?
There's all sorts of theory craft you
can get into like getting product market
fit and whatnot. It has to work and the
customer has to get a result that they
get upset if you turn if you took it
away. So, for example, when we plug
people in the air right now and I'm just
using Hyros and Air. I'm not trying to
pitch you guys on it here. I know a lot
of you guys are Hyros customers. So,
thank you. I appreciate you. This is
just my my experience and this is what I
do all day. So, this is only really
experience I can talk from. Um,
but the re the the the second I knew
that air was a good product is because
when we plugged people in and then air
went offline for a few days, people
started messaging us and going, "Hey,
where where is it? Why why is this off?
Like where the money stopped flowing
in?" That's how I knew I had a product.
So, when it comes to MVP, you want to
get to the point where like if you give
it to somebody and then you take it
away, they get upset. That's when you
know you have a good product.
How to meet young entrepreneurs. I don't
think you need to meet young
entrepreneurs. I think you just need to
sit in your office and work.
If you want to meet young entrepreneurs,
you go to events or you just do the
crazy thing. You find people at your
level on Facebook or Instagram and then
you message them and say, "Hello, would
you like to be friends?" It actually
just works.
Um, that's that's how you meet people.
What's my sleep routine like? Yeah, I
still get up. I get up about 2 a.m.
these days, but I usually go to bed at
like seven or eight.
[Music]
Uh, looking back in current tech, would
you have swung for high-risisk writers
way instead of building market hero
source wave? Um,
I probably would have actually just
gotten like built some crypto financial
tech back in the day if I just if I
could go like back in time, that's what
I would have built. Um,
make unis swap or something. That's what
I would have done.
That's the business. Little little
feebased businesses like that. That's
the [ __ ] business right there. If I
was building anything else, I would make
like a feebased uh crypto business.
Just because those are the sneakiest,
sneakiest blowup businesses there are.
Do I still own one chair, one desk? No,
I have a house. I'm married. We live in
the suburbs. Uh, so yeah, I I you can't
really get away with that stuff when
you're married.
Someone says, "I guess Alex is where you
at is at cuz he gets up at 2 a.m. Guys,
my sleep schedule is not you. You can
wake up at any time you want and be
successful. I just I just get bored at
the end of the day and at seven or eight
o'clock I get bored and I go to sleep
and then I sleep for six five six hours
and then I just wake up about 2 a.m.
Like it's not it's not some strategy or
some secret technique. That's just my
sleep schedule and I I'm not pushing
anybody to do that. It's not going to
make you any more successful. It might
because then you can get a lot of work
done early in the morning but you can
get a lot of work done if you're running
a business you need to talk to your
employees too. So it's just
is making money about luck at all? No,
it's not. If you go to if you go to a
casino and you're playing roulette and
you and you bet on an odds that is 10%.
And then you play 10 times and then you
win one time and then you and you 10x
it. Was that lucky? No. You played 10
times. you were eventually going to win
just due the luck and odds alone. And
when you build a business,
like when you start your first business,
you're going to try something and you're
going to learn something through
building and eventually your skill is
going to go up and up and up to the
point that you're just like really good
at what you do. And you understand how
to put a business together and what the
nuts and bolts look like and like how a
product should work and how customer
support should work and how marketing
should work and you understand all these
things. And as you do more business, you
get better at it. And so, yeah, maybe
when you get started, you're going to
have to really like maybe get lucky a
few times, like to pick the right niche.
But when you don't get lucky, you're
going to learn why the business didn't
work. And then you're just going to get
better to the point that your skill is
really high, and you can just go and
start businesses. Could I go and on
command start a a uh multi-million
dollar business per month like hyros on
command like that? No, I couldn't. But
if I want to go build a business that
makes 100k a month and start scaling it,
like I understand the trial and error
and process to do that and it's not
going to involve luck at all. So it's
kind of like Alex Ramosi says, it's so
true. Like you just need to put in the
[ __ ] reps and do enough volume to the
point that it's ridiculous that you
would fail.
So it doesn't involve luck. It's it's
it's a very silly thing that people
think like that. Involves skill and
talent. Yes. Sometimes when you go
you're going to hit a home run. you're
going to hit a home run business. Like
you're going to land finally on on the
the product that really explodes to the
moon.
You know, for example, like Elliot
Trades, he tried a few different
businesses. He's still working on them,
but he uh his newest one, Black Hole,
was a massive, massive hit. Um way
bigger than his other businesses. And
that's a combination of the fact that he
kept trying over and over and again, so
there wasn't luck. Like he kept going at
it and then everything he learned along
that. And then sometimes you're just
going to have that hit. And the more you
try, uh, the more hits you're going to
get. And so, it doesn't come down to
luck. It comes down to doing the actions
over and over and over again and
thinking and learning from them.
So, the Lambo AI generated,
guys,
I can afford a Lambo.
I wouldn't I wouldn't worry about that.
It would actually be more impressive if
I managed to AI the background while I
was streaming the entire time.
Sully says, "Alex, during the first
years of business, there's a lot of
waiting since you don't have many
clients." No, there isn't. You should be
working and learning and improving and
doing all sorts of [ __ ] you possibly
can. You should be like, you should be
promoting and making videos. You should
be running ads. You should be trying new
stuff. You should be making more
websites. You should be busy for 12
hours a day when you're first starting
your businesses. Once you're at like my
level, I'm not saying you shouldn't be
working 10 12 hours a day. But my job
and the way my business grows is by me
thinking and making decisions that
influence thousands of hours of work
from my staff. So really, it doesn't
come down to my manh hours. It comes
down to how I'm managing and structuring
the business and the systems inside of
it. So I can get off like only working
four hours a day because I it's mainly
about me giving the staff their
objectives and their mission objectives
and I'm the commander. When you're first
starting your business, you're the
everything. So you should just be doing
everything. There shouldn't be waiting
around.
Is my team 100% remote? Yeah. Um would I
recommend having an office? Depends. It
depends how you thrive and how your
employees and your people work together.
There's a lot of businesses that thrive
in different ways. In some businesses,
you know, a lot of people really thrive
working around each other. There's other
businesses where people really enjoy
working remotely. We're one of those
businesses.
[Music]
Um, make says, "What's the best skill in
your 20s you can learn?" Um, pushing
yourself harder to grow each day. If you
do that, you're going to become
successful. That's the best thing you
should do. Just keep pushing yourself
and doing things that make you
uncomfortable. If you do that, you're
going to grow very fast. and every other
skill and everything will come.
Samir said, "I just launched an AI
appointment setter. Any advice for
first-time SAS?" Get customers in. Get
them results. Do it over and over again.
Advertise those results. And if they're
not getting results instantly from it,
don't keep trying to sell the product.
Work with the customers until every
single customer comes in and is getting
a good result. You get 20 customers, you
have 20 good results. Then you start
advertising those results. and you start
using those results in sales. And that's
how you grow a SAS business when you're
first starting it up.
What's going on with ETH right now at
3,800?
Yeah, Binance is shaking everybody out
of the market.
They're scaring everybody out of the
market.
I'm not going to do I'm not going to
talk crypto on this stream, but like
it's it's clearly they're shaking
everybody out before the market's about
to go up in October and the rest of Q4.
[Music]
Are employees less productive when
working from home? Not if you have
employees. Look, I don't hire people
based on the hours they work. I hire
them based on the results. I don't give
a [ __ ] if someone's productive or not.
If they get results.
So when I might hire an employee,
especially when I'm working at my direct
reports, I don't check if they're like
being productive. I don't care. What I
care is that I say these things need to
get done and they need to be done well
and I need to see the metrics and stats
going up in this direction and it's your
job to do that. I don't care if they
work 30 minutes a day and then spend the
rest of the day playing World of
Warcraft. If those numbers and
everything are trending upwards, I don't
care.
So if I have if it's somebody that I
like have to like watch and make sure
that they're doing their work and then
they're not getting results, they just
get fired and I hire someone that's
going to do get the results. Like it's
not about them being productive. It's
about the results they get.
If we have a support person and they're
not getting good results for their
customers, it's we don't we don't we're
not there to babysit them and look over
their shoulder. Like if their customers
their their clients at the business are
not getting results, we see it. We see
their we see the high churn rate their
clients are getting. We talk to them
about it and say do better or like it's
not going to have a position here.
That's how we like to manage.
Thoughts on CAX and sinking for the new
tropic effect? I've done Cmax and uh new
pep. I didn't really notice too much.
Do you yell at your team members if
they're not getting results? Why? What?
Okay. All right. Look, I'm I'm not
trying to be spicy here. I'm just
passionate about getting you guys uh the
correct answers. Okay.
What's the point of demeaning and making
people feel bad at the business? Like, I
know I seem spicy on YouTube and
whatnot, but
yelling at people like that. You're not
trying to exert dominance. What you're
trying to do is coach people and make
them the best possible player on your
team possible. This isn't football
either where you scream at people and
like need to get them all fired up and
stuff like that. If someone's not
getting results, you you point to the
scoreboard
and you should be tracking the the
results your employees get. You should
have metrics that they should be going
for and objectives they have and you
point to the scoreboard and you say
like, "What's going on here? Why aren't
the points going up? And what can we do
to fix that?" And then if they
consistently can't do that, it's either
because you set them up to fail. So you
analyze what you're doing with them and
say like, is this an objective
realistic? Are we doing the right
things? Or is this person just
incompetent and not doing enough?
And then you make decisions from there.
Like there's not really any emotional or
reason to yell or be mean to anybody.
And you want your employees to feel very
comfortable about talking to you and uh
speaking up and even like telling you
off and stuff like that and telling you
when you're wrong. If you have a
business where like you're the CEO and
you're yelling at people all the time,
no one's going to be honest. No one's
going to talk. No one's going to be
transparent and you're going to have all
the [ __ ] that you want to know about
your company swept under the rug. So,
that's just not how you want to go about
doing it uh at all.
King asked a bunch of times, of having a
French accent in the market bad. King,
the better answer to this question is
like, why does it [ __ ] matter? Like,
if you have a French accent, are you
just not going to if if it is bad, what
if I'm like, hey, you got a French
accent. Like, yeah, it's bad. you can't
serve it. Are you just going to quit?
Just go do it. Just if you have if
you're worried about your French accent,
like I I could tell you like, "No, I
don't think so." Or I could just like
just go [ __ ] do it, buddy. Just go do
it. Go figure it out. If you if you get
on the phone, you're like, "Sleep."
I don't know. Overcome it. Go run face
the person in the wall. And if it's a
problem, figure out how to get around
it. What are you going to do? Just stop.
That's the better answer for you.
Uh, Samir says, "Thanks for the
feedback. Any advice on prompt
engineering?
[Music]
You need to do things when it comes to
prompts for businesses. You need to do
things. You need to chunk up the prompts
and like use the AI at different steps."
So like for example with air what we'll
do is we'll generate the first email and
then we'll have the AI reread the email
and adjust the email based on other
prompts and then we'll have the AI then
go back and reread the email again and
adjust it based on other prompts. So
there's like three steps. You're not
just doing one big prompt.
You kind of have to make like flows or
streams of how the the AI is going to
interact with it.
Yus says, "Which coding languages do you
know?" I know JavaScript
and I didn't I didn't code at Hyros. I
wouldn't know. I have my CTO and
everybody they have like 15 years
development and yeah, I wouldn't do
that. I can code video games.
I understand coding video games really
well, but I don't really understand
software development.
What was my main role at Hyros in the
early stage? You're just doing
everything. You're building all the
systems out and
you're figuring out how the business is
going to piece together. So like your
role is whatever is needed.
Anyways guys, so set aside about the 45
minutes a day. I think we've gotten all
the questions in. Give me a one in chat
if you uh got a lot out of this. No, I
did not go to college. I did not
absolutely did not go to college. That
would have been the worst possible thing
I could have ever done with my life.
Awesome guys. Awesome.
Drexen says, "Do you look for books,
events, courses for billing high?" See,
last question right here guys. the best
thing you can do is just go do the
thing. Like the the whole mentorship
learning, it's all [ __ ] Like the
person that just sits in their house and
like works really hard at their business
is going to win and get more skill and
be better than everybody else at
everything. It's this just [ __ ] mentors,
[ __ ] reading books, [ __ ] learning. Just
go do it and then you'll go.
[Music]
Okay, guys. All right. So, for everybody
here, it's a hire customer, thank you so
much for being a part of Harris. You
make everything we do possible. We
really super duper appreciate you coming
on hang out today. For everybody that's
a viewer, thank you for coming on as
well. Really appreciate you watching the
channel, hanging out. Um, ton of fun
hanging out with you guys. I love making
content for you guys and making you guys
laugh and teaching you something. And,
uh, we're probably going to be doing one
of these every other week. So, I'm glad
you guys enjoyed it. And, uh, I'll catch
you on the next one.