I gave a chipping tip that got over 4
million views. What was that tip and
what did it do to help all four million
golfers? Well, today I'm going to tell
you what it is and the best part is
we're going to expand on it and actually
add a couple new secrets to it. Now, the
tip that we gave had to do with bounce.
Now, bounce is your friend. If you only
remember one thing from this video, it
is this phrase, bounce is your friend
when it comes to chipping. So, I'm going
to talk about what it is. All right,
we're going to talk about what changes
it. All right, and then we're going to
talk about something that's a little
controversial. Hinge and hold versus the
VLS coaching system. What are the
differences? And why are some people
like hinge and hold is the only way to
do it? And I'm like, I don't know about
that. I think there's some other ways
that you can chip. So, first of all,
bounce is the curve on the bottom of a
wedge. All right, so every wedge has got
some curve on the bottom. Now, designers
put that curve, that bounce on the
bottom because it makes shots easier.
Next time you're at the golf course, you
grab your set of clubs, look at the
bottom of your wedge and compare it to
your seven iron. The bottom is
different. And the reason it's different
is because that bounce, that curve
allows the club to bounce through the
turf. Now, why is that important when it
comes to chipping versus a full swing?
Well, simple. The biggest difference
between a full swing and a chipping shot
or chip shot is the rate at which the
club is traveling. If I'm swinging a
sixiron and I'm swinging at 80 miles an
hour for sake of discussion and that
leading edge grabs the ground, it's
going to dig and it's going to take a
divot. That's awesome. Matter of fact,
it's what we teach here at the vertical
line swing system. But if I have a wedge
that's traveling at a very slow speed
and that digs or hits the ground, you
chili dip it, you chunk it, or you top
it. All right, so that's why bounce is
good and bounce is your friend and
that's why a designer puts it on there.
Now, the question is is what changes
bounce and how can you navigate that so
it works for you? Well, here's the first
thing you need to know. The shaft
position forward backward is the easiest
way to change the bounce. So if I set in
here and I lean the shaft way forward,
that decreases the bounce. That negates
the bounce. Okay? So as I move the club
forward, the leading edge comes down and
I lose the bounce. On the flip side, as
I take the shaft and I move it
backwards, the leading edge comes up off
the ground and I add bounce. That's the
first thing you got to know. And that's
why in the vertical line swing system
and and in the the short game book, all
right, and all the different stuff that
we've done, okay, we like to see the
butt end of the club equal to the golf
ball or maybe on the front side of the
golf ball for a stock chip shot. We're
not a big fan of having it lean way
forward. We're going to talk more about
the hinge and hold in a second here. All
right. So, the easiest way to change the
bounce is the shaft angle. Now, the
other way that you can change the bounce
couple different ways here are the
orientation of the face. Right? If I
take the club face and I close the club
face, all right, that negates the
bounce. That takes bounce away. If I
rotate the face open, that adds bounce.
That adds loft, of course, but it also
adds bounce. So, in our coaching system,
the vertical line swing system, all
right, we like to see the butt end of
the club equal to the front side of the
golf ball. And we like to see the club
face slightly open, maybe, you know,
four, five, six degrees. Depends upon
the shot. Nick, is this making sense or
not? Okay, Nick thinks it's making sense
and he gave us a thumbs up. Please give
us a thumbs up. And also be sure to put
in the comments where you're from, how
old you are, do you like the vertical
line swing system? because we love
hearing from you and we do our best to
respond to all of those. So, those are
the couple things around bounce. Now,
there's one other thing I want to show
you in bounce that has to do with the
motion, all right, that you can actually
be aware of to keep the bounce on the
golf club because that's the whole
objective of this video. That's why 4
million people watch the other video is
to understand bounce. All right. So,
we've understood shaft position, face
orientation, and the third way that you
can change the bounce in a good way or a
bad way is in the motion. When you swing
the club back, if you hinge the butt end
of the club towards the target, okay?
See this? Towards the target, the club
head goes this way, the butt end goes
that way. That in essence deloss the
golf club. That in essence is a forward
shaft. As a result, as you're probably
learning, right, that takes bounce away.
The alternative and what we teach in our
coaching system is that the butt end of
the club initially should move the same
direction as the club head. So, if the
club head's going to go back towards
Nick, the butt end better go back
towards Nick. I don't want the butt end
going towards that flag and the club
head going back towards Nick. That's not
going to work in our opinion, okay, in
the vertical line swing system. So, make
sure that the butt end of the club is
tracking and moving away. Now, how might
you feel that? What's a tip that you
could do? What's a drill that you could
do? Well, pretty simple. So, I got my
glove right here. I got a titleless
glove. And what you're going to feel is
as you start the motion that the
titalist right here pushes the club away
and the titalist works back and away
from the target. This motion right here.
So, this will get the button of the club
traveling in the right direction and
allow you to keep bounce on the golf
swing. Now, what about this hinge and
hold method and this has been one of the
fun things. Okay, if you've watched that
video, put it in the comments because
there's a very famous golfer, a much
better golfer than I am. Okay, guy
should probably is probably going to be
in the Hall of Fame of golf if he's not
already who teaches the hinge and hold.
One of the greatest chippers of all
time. Okay, so I'm not going to have a
chipping contest with this. If you know
who it is, put it put it in the
comments. It's kind of fun to see if you
know who it is cuz maybe you've seen
that video. I'm never going to tell this
person that he is wrong. Okay, but
here's what I do know is that when we
hinge it and we hold it, that delofts
the golf club and has the ball come out
low and hot. Now, that can work. It's
not necessarily that's completely wrong.
I just feel in our experience that it
gives you less margin for air. Now, if
you're very skilled and you can catch
the golf ball first and then the ground
every single time, like this particular
individual, because they're going in the
Hall of Fame, no problem. Okay? But for
the vast majority of us, we can't do
that. We can't control where that club
hits the ground every single time. But I
am going to give you a tip on that in
just a second. So that's why the hinge
and hold where you hinge it and you hold
it isn't necessarily
wrong. It just requires you to make sure
that you always hit the ball and then
the ground first. Whereas in our system
where we believe that bounce is good and
bounce is your friend. Okay, that gives
us a larger margin for error. So if we
hit a little bit behind it, no big deal.
the club will bounce through the turf,
the ball will get up in the air, and it
will be a decent shot. So, here's a
great drill that you can do to help you
control where the club hits the ground,
which is one of the most important
skills with chipping, is to hit some
chip shots balancing on your lead foot.
So, you take your lead foot, take your
trail foot, put it down almost like a
kickstand. See how it's there? It's
there for balance and stability. I don't
want you to feel like you're going to
fall over, right? And you just kind of
balance it right there. And just make
some motions. And what you'll notice is
is that it'll keep your body and your
head nice and steady over the golf ball.
Right? So I do a couple little of those.
Let's do a little three setter. There's
one. There's two. Okay. There's three.
So now I've got the feel. So when I get
set in there, I'm going to have that
ball in the center of my heels. Right.
Okay. I'm going to have the face just a
little bit open. The butt end of the
club is going to be equal to the front
side of the golf ball. And most
important in the motion, my weight stays
forward. And I'm gonna take that title
and I'm gonna push it back to my main
man Nick.
And when I do that, I learn how to use
bounce. Cuz remember, bounce is your
friend. So, now that you understand what
bounce is, check out my next video where
I give you my three big chipping
mistakes.