Hi guys, thanks for tuning in to another
episode of Nuggets News or our weekly
crypto news update with Michael and he's
been pumping out all that research over
on the website and we got a big dip and
for those of you that have been
following along members in the data
section, Philip has been absolutely
nailing this cycle and he was 95%
uh cash before that dip and obviously
I've been every video the past few weeks
and that update telling people make sure
you're taking profits. particularly on
old coins. You don't want to get caught
bag holding. And then we got that nasty
crash. So, we're going to break that
down and the opportunity and how that
played out as well as all the news this
week.
>> Crazy times. What a time to be alive.
Um, so just a for context that the
market is significantly bigger than what
it was during COVID FTX, I meaning the
crypto market. And we it's not a factor
of 10 or 15 times bigger, but it's
bigger. But this was the biggest
liquidation event by a factor of almost
10.
>> Yeah.
>> Um and so just the amount of wealth
destruction is incredible. And a lot of
it's bounced back and then you know
we'll see if we have another sort of
double test of that of that level. But
man, what a what a time to be alive.
Hey, when just wealth just gets created
and are destroyed in the flick of a
tweet. Yeah, I might have a bit more of
a rant about how it all played out when
we get to some of these uh slides and
articles, but um yeah, not not good for
traders.
>> Not at all. And like so we'll have a
look like
like obviously when you see some of
these numbers um and like tokens like
um Cardano, Polka Dot, um Dogecoin, some
of them like wicked like 80% down like
just obscene obscene numbers. And so if
you're if you're levered long on this
stuff, you want to hope that your
protocol is not just scam wicking you
and liquidating you. Um it just it just
goes to show you just need to be like
careful. And we always think that the
worst will never happen, but often does
especially in crypto. And like I've got
battle scars. Like I've I've been on the
receiving end of these punishments
multiple times in my now I don't know
what is it eight years in crypto. I've
learned my lesson and I'm uber
conservative now. And I think that's
what it does. It pushes you more towards
Bitcoin maximalism the longer you're
here. But yeah, what a week. What a week
it's been.
>> Yeah. Or sticking to that strategy of
holding high quality assets and not
leverage trading and everything we've
been talking about. So hopefully a lot
of our members and everyone following
these videos got through relatively
unscathed. If anything, you should had
some cash on the sideline and bought up
some things on the cheap
>> big time. So what happened? Well, like
was it a Trump tweet or was this uh
insider trading or was this all planned?
Was it a combination of both? Was
someone sitting around just having the
uh the the Judith candle down ready to
go and just needed something like
Trump's tweet to light the match? Um and
it seems like most of it was
consolidated around Binance. um they
just had an obscene amount of thin
liquidity on a lot of different places
and it just shows that how we've just
propped up on like a lot of fake volume
and just fake um fake market caps really
fake valuations. But yeah, know this was
a bit of a forensic tweet that went out
just saying how like um you know Trump
Trump says one thing, China says one
thing, Trump says another thing and all
of a sudden down she goes and you can
see it went down way more in crypto than
what it did in traditional markets. Hm.
>> Um, yeah, $19 billion collapse. So, and
this is all, look at that liquidity
vacuum. All of a sudden, now there's no
liquidity to support the collapse. And
so, these cascading liquidations, I get
wiped out. That has to forell my
position, drops the price, forell
somebody else's position who was more
conservative, wipes out the price, and
it just cascades down. Normally, you'd
have a liquidity buffer that would catch
this. Nope. Just shot straight through
the whole thing. So
>> yeah, we've sort seen those insider
trading threads on people that were
placing, you know, Wales putting on huge
short positions right before it. Um that
liquidity vacuum. So they pull all the
the liquidity thin the books and you
know Binance and all these platforms
have got that cross margin liquidity
now. So people are thinking ah what's
the worst case scenario? you know, maybe
30, 40, even if you're only on, you
know, 1.5 leverage, once you drop down
to that sort of 50, 60, 70, 80% that we
got to, and some things wicked down 99%
on different exchanges. So, it didn't
matter, you know, what positions you're
in. If you had trades open, you
basically got shut down by the big boys
at Mission Control that are that are
still running the show behind the
scenes. And it's just so frustrating
that this is where crypto is is still at
um for traders. But, uh, yeah, if you're
a long-term hodler or whatever, this
didn't really affect you. And then Trump
goes around and basically reverses,
makes friends with China again before
market open, and everything bounces back
for the most part. Uh, and this sort of
flush out is kind of a good thing in the
big picture for price action to continue
up medium to longterm, which is still
what our data is suggesting.
>> And um, full transparency, I I had been
a little nervous. I was sitting in spot
everything and so got to sit back and
just enjoy this one. My only regrets was
I didn't have more stables on the side
to buy in. But yeah, it was um it was a
horrible weekend for a lot of people,
but it was a great weekend for some
people.
>> And just on that on the on the
sidelines, guys, um you know, having a
bit on an exchange is fine or whatever,
but Uproad, so many people, they want to
get that money in quickly. And yeah, our
partner up trade description below. Once
you get set up with them and, you know,
get on the phone, get money in, that's
these are the sort of examples where you
can have money in pretty quickly once
you set up with them and dealt with them
versus trying to send a large amount to
an exchange and then dealing with the
bank and the the waiting and all that.
So, can't recommend those guys enough.
>> Absolutely. Um, now this is a little bit
of like a loaded headline because you
know it's the Trump family that is
running um World Liberty Financial and
and Trump Jr. Donald Junior is the one
running around all over the place like
shilling it. And so they're
opportunists. They always have been. No
one is in denial that they're
opportunists. Um I think I think most uh
people in power are is a certain
personality type that likes to get into
these positions. And you know, the
world's greatest stock trader, Nancy
Pelosi, has been in this seat for a long
period of time. And you know, I'm sure
Warren Buffett was taking tips from her
because she's outperformed him like
significantly over a long period of
time. Um, I say this all in justest
because, you know, this is someone
who's, you know, making 200 grand a year
and is worth tens and tens and tens of
millions of dollars. And so it doesn't
surprise me when I see stuff like this.
Um, of course, the Trumps have seen that
there's a a vehicle for wealth creation
here. Um I think this is obviously like
it fits a narrative of well people who
don't like Trump. Um I saw four corners
in Australia had another piece on him as
well saying you know he's enriching
himself with crypto and this is a very
in like it's indirect but it's true but
it is indirect and so it goes to show
that the narratives from both sides are
going to come after people who are
making money and just generally like our
societyy's in this place now where we
don't like winners. We don't like people
who generate wealth whether it's ill
gotten or honest. um you're going to get
put in the same basket and with the
people who acquire wealth
um in an in unscrupulous manner and and
so it's just one of those things now
it's like um where where are we going
when most people are now going to be
dependent on some sort of UBI we don't
like it when people are successful in
any sort of way. So,
>> I think it's just crazy that Trump's now
um you know, they're reporting he's got
800 million plus of Bitcoin and then
Baron's got uh
>> 200 plus. And you know, when you're
running a project like World Liberty or
you've got access to, you know, a tweet
that can move the market,
you know, this stuff is just going to
happen. And as you said, you talk about
Nancy Pelosi, but is there any real
regulations? And if you're using
hyperlquid or something more
decentralized, you know, people have
been doing the research on chain and
exposing this kind of stuff, but is
there any repercussions? So yeah, my
fear is that crypto, they're going to
pump crypto if they've got a billion
dollars worth of it themselves. But if
they keep pulling these sort of
shenanigans, it's just going to wreck
retail. So same again, guys, just don't
be sitting there with leverage trades
open and you can wake up and get
liquidated because even those people
with stop losses, none of that stuff
worked. exchanges stopped trading, a lot
of Dex has even stopped working, all
that type of thing. And there's probably
going to be plenty more chaos coming.
>> Absolutely. So, you know, there's all
sorts of stories about how Baron's big
in the game now as well. But like this
was the other one that got super
interesting about how there was the
account that got on Hyperlid that got
made and seated by Bitcoin OG like 30
minutes before the Trump tweet and
walked away with like 200 million. And
this is another story here about this
guy, you know, he shut down and
disappeared with $56 million of user
funds and all of a sudden pops up and
starts trading this type of stuff. So
still an insiders game. This has never
been different in trading in crypto. So
there's no surprises here. But this is
the thing that in the forensic um
breakdown about what go what happened is
that it looks suspicious because there's
some people who are just timing this
stuff like to perfection and walking
with hundreds of millions of dollars.
>> Yeah. Um, this was an interesting one.
We saw that the US has now seized a
couple hundred thousand Bitcoin from a
Chinese national for something to do
with pigs um that they were had some
sort of like pig um slaughter operation
or something like that illegally. I saw
that or I don't know if that was just
the front for what they were actually
doing with like luxury goods and
whatever sort of front that they had,
but I did see that headline about pig
slaughtering and yeah, it it just means
that like obviously if you're a Bitcoin
holder, you know, you need to work on
your privacy strategies because you now
become a target when the government is
now also interested in your crypto. Not
like back in the day where they like
would laugh at you. Now they're very
interested in your assets. Yeah.
>> Um to shift gears a little bit, Galaxy
Digital, Mike Novagrat, um they have
bailed out a data center here. Um and so
very interesting here like people with
the tentacles are getting into like
everything. And I believe that like AI
like onchain compute or just compute in
general and onchain activity it's all
merging together to be this new like
meta business model where where
financial companies and our tech
companies and tech companies and our
financial companies and you know uh
Tether IPO or sorry IPO Tether raised
money this uh this month at a $500
billion valuation and this is a company
that's already producing $10 billion a
month and so they're going to be they're
going to be the biggest bank in the
world soon. Um,
>> and this is all going to be done off of
the back of what 20 employees or
something like that sitting in the
Cayman Islands or wherever they are. Um,
>> yeah, and it gets into does Tether's you
know, bit of a gray dodgy history maybe
and all that type of thing. Um,
>> yeah, this gets into some deep rabbit
holes about who you know, Bitcoin and
does Tether float the price and all this
type of thing. But even if all that's
true, I still think numbers probably
going to go up because of
>> the political involvement now. Yeah.
>> The only way now to We've seen it in
Australia, we've seen it in America,
we've seen it in Europe. No um no
citizen base has an appetite for
austerity. No one's going to want budget
cuts, you know, cuts to public services.
The second that that happens, the people
who are trying to balance a budget are
called a Nazi. and you know there's
riots in the streets. So there's no
appetite for people's standard of living
to deteriorate in any way regardless of
what's funding that standard of living.
And so the only way out of it is to
print money. And the only way then to
balance that debt is to just completely
destroy the denominator, the currency
against assets. And so there's like it's
this death spiral. There's no way out of
it. Bitcoin is the only way.
Um so another interesting one, we've
spoken about this several times. Um like
what a time to be trying to launch a
project. Um I'm in that camp to myself a
little bit. But um Monet is about to
release its um its token. It's coming
its token generation event and its
mainet. But there is an airdrop here. Um
Monet is pre-trading on a lot of
exchanges um like on a pre-market open.
Um it's something like a 10 billion FTV
or something like that. It's got to be a
top 20 project at launch. I think it got
up to about 16 billion airdrop here. So,
if you've played around with it at all
and like listened to when we've
mentioned it and gone and played around,
you're probably eligible for some sort
of airdrop. I imagine that this might
have some sort of value. So, make sure
you go and have a play around there.
>> And just to wrap up, I guess this week,
um, this was a pretty incredible tweet
from Pavo. For those that don't know
him, he's the founder, the billionaire
founder of Telegram. Um, something that
I use every day. and just like the
absolute like middle finger that he's
giving to his country that he holds a
passport and I believe he's French,
Russian and got a UAE passport as well.
Um, but just effectively saying that
like there is, you know, he wants to out
the people that are coming for your data
and your and pushing for free speech.
And he had another really like massive
tweet the other day as well about how
he's fearful for what the internet is
about to become, just a surveillance
tool. M
>> um really really interesting like no one
wants you using like VPNs like he's
saying you know France is trying to
control people the European Union's
banning people digital IDs are coming in
across Europe it's pretty spooky times
especially from people who are quite
powerful
>> yeah just for everyone watching this is
going to be more and more of a focus for
us on the privacy tools you can use um
you know what VPNs aren't giving all
your data back to the intelligence
agencies
um you know how to use phones and crypto
debit cards for payments, all these
types of things, because as I've been
talking about for years, there's just
now a huge overlap and it's obvious to
everyone that the government want to
control through digital ID and AI and
complete surveillance of everything. So,
we're going to be more and more focused
with our research and our group and our
premium content um on on these types of
issues and how to remain private online.
>> We're looking forward for this. is
something we've been chatting about a
lot and I think we can probably have
more practical application and using our
research abilities to be able to find
like real life solutions not just um you
know speculative money-making tools but
actually how we can you know protect
your wealth and protect yourself protect
your your identity.
>> Yeah. Um
>> probably one last one.
>> Oh sorry y
>> one more thing just to add to that was I
think privacy coins have had a good run.
I did a research piece on this like a
year or two ago talking about how I
think they're going to become super
important but not necessarily as an
investment because none of the big
exchanges list Monero anymore and Zcash
is you know you can shield transactions
but it's not really that private and so
I think familiarizing yourself at least
with some of these privacy coins and the
wallets just to break the chain and have
a maintain a bit of privacy with your
digital assets and all that. Again, this
is stuff we want to be doing research
on. Um, because everything else, they're
absolutely doing this tracking and they
want to follow everything you're doing
on chain.
>> Absolutely. Um, for those that want to
have some additional homework, um, this
is a great talk to go listen to from
Token 249. You can see it on the YouTube
channel from Arthur Hayes. Um, he's very
entertaining. I've seen him live several
times, but effectively saying that, um,
that France is toast. Um it talks about
here that how he would rate wealth the
wealth of a nation and talks about how
the rich two richest countries in the
world by his metric is Japan and Germany
when you factor in their net debts and
their net assets. So people that own
things in their country versus the
things that they own in other people's
countries and this is 4,446
billion. So we're talking $4.4 trillion
of like a net positive position for
Japan and nearly 5 trillion for Germany.
And when you think about that both of
these countries were reset effectively
80 years ago and have been able to build
an economy from scratch, it it goes to
show that with technology and like
what's coming um there'll be some big
winners in in the market that adopt new
technologies. But going back to France,
sorry, you
>> I'm just surprised Australia's not in
there with our relatively low debt um
and and the amount of resources we have
in ground. I would have thought we'd be
up there with similar figures, but
>> yeah. Yeah. Well, it's a very
interesting question, but like when you
talk about like the net balance of both
France and the US is who said the two
worst places are this on the right here
is San Francisco. Um that you know we're
talking about net assets versus GDP like
minus 58% for the US and 38% for France.
But the point that he makes here which
is incredible is that the US is still
the world reserve currency. So they can
just make up money to still cover their
losses. France cannot. And and go and
watch the talk. It's really interesting,
but just showing that there's a flight
there's a flight of cap of capital out
of France because they're not going to
be able to maintain their standard of
living. They're completely dependent on
the European Central Bank to print money
to bail them out. And if that stops
happening, they will leave the EU. And
so he's calling it Brexit. And um he
thinks it's fully on the cards. And if
they leave, Germany will leave. And
there goes the EU. So what?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And if you don't know the
backstory about the EU and who started
it, how it was all, it's all part of
this, you know, new world order towards
one world government and everything,
it's just great to see these things that
were just so artificial and done by
these billionaires pushing this agenda
that they're starting to fall apart.
It's going to be painful in the short
term for all our societies and
restructuring our economies. But um you
know again this is our focus for the
next couple of years is how to get
through all this survive as well as
hopefully prosper um maintain privacy
and come through the other side. Then I
think once we get rid of all these
corruption and people in power you know
the world's going to be a lot better
place.
>> Yep. Stay safe and stay vigilant out
there everybody.
>> Awesome. Well thanks Michael guys. Head
over to Nuggets News for the free
newsletter. Uh all our research, all our
high net worth VIP services. And um
haven't those chats been exciting
lately? And silver's breaking out to
alltime highs. Um and yeah, just that
balanced portfolio of wealth protecting.
What a time to be alive.
>> Yep. Cheers, guys. happening.