The son's dog collar situation keeps
getting shockingly worse. But the most
unexpected twist is him being compared
to Michael Vic as this older video has
emerged showing Ka as a puppy getting
locked in a cage with another dog just
to watch her get bit, which he finds
hilarious because if she keeps pushing
Fiona, Fiona is going to bite.
[Music]
Oh, there we go. Good job, Fiona. Ka is
really funny when she's scared. Being
scared, but it gives me anxiety. Maybe
it's me. No, I want her to bite her.
What do you mean? If they had to chop
it,
[Music]
Fiona snaps at her. She'll just go
and like run away
run away like a goofball crying. It's
the funniest thing on the planet. Oh,
Fiona, stay in there. She needs to
learn. See?
See
>> the wind children.
>> Did you see that?
I want you guys to see what happens when
she actually gets scared. It's so funny.
The only thing worse than getting a
puppy for the exclusive purpose of using
them as an expensive Funko Pop to
display perfectly framed in the
background for hours a day is to make
content of that puppy getting punked
like she's in a tiny prison cell making
that fake little low IQ laugh sound of
gorgling saliva.
See, then watching his chat laugh and
delight at his carefully curated
content. If you're still wondering why
Hassan's audience hasn't turned on him
after the possible shocks, this is why.
So, it makes sense when his dog bites
another dog at a streamer Christmas
party.
>> As just look at this sea of streamers
scared to say anything about the more
popular streamer. I forgot who said it
because I wasn't even aware of it, but
the live stream culture in Los Angeles
is just about as sickening as the
Hollywood scene where everybody is so
desperate at the possibility of
promoting their career, they're more
than willing to look the other way or
even run cover for these terrible
actions. All an attempt to expand their
audience as another old video has
emerged of a possible shot collar remote
accidentally making it on frame. as why
only move that specific item and that
item alone where internet loots again
make a very compelling argument that
this is indeed for that shot collar as
the so-called vibrationonly collar is
obviously a different color. The longer
Hassan denies this, the longer the
internet tylers have to dig into his
literal hours of footage to find
evidence that he's more than likely
lying. Now to which has conveniently
looked the other way for much worse, so
they're never going to cancel him. But
just because Assan is protected by his
audience of psychos doesn't mean those
around him do too. As Assan's dog
walker, who also randomly has a live
stream setup, says he definitely doesn't
have a shot collar.
>> It's not a shot collar. I've seen that
collar. I've used that collar before.
I've babysat that dog.
>> To which the various Twitter replies say
otherwise. But here comes another
popular streamer contradicting the dog
walker.
>> I was I looked at the collar. The collar
is taped off where I think there would
be prongs.
>> There's no zap. There's only there's
like there's only a vibrate function.
>> She thinks she's protecting him, but
she's really just confirming the
internet's allegations that the shock
collar was just taped off to look like
the vibrating version as all these
orbiters want to help Assan. But the
problem is nobody has a good enough
memory to be a good liar. Especially
when everybody has a different version
of the lie, including Hassan himself. as
that second girl is now getting angry at
other popular streamers for showing that
clip.
>> You said you want to do a stream with
me, too. I'm down.
>> Not after that clip you farmed on me,
you
>> What? I didn't
>> Bro, you're farmer clips on my girl,
man.
>> Oh no. How dare you show a clip of me
speaking? I only said that on live
stream. Why did you allow other people
to hear what I said? This is like that
outrage over that Libs a Tik Tok account
where they only repost social media
videos of what leftists already said,
but somehow her letting us see it is
worse than them actually saying it. As
Ethan Klein, Assan's former co-host,
sheds light as to why this is likely
happening. Cuz I've seen this happen to
Son so many times. When any of his
perceived friends go against him, he
calls them.
>> He texts them. He's done it to um XQC.
He did it to Miz Kids. He did it to
Lewig. he did the other day to Charlie
after he saw his video like, "You know
what? I'm texting him." So, he for sure
messaged or called Pokemon and like
chewed her out hard for this, right? Cuz
that that that's how he keeps everybody
online. Where he's talking about that
podcast that pushed back Asan's
appearance surrounding the controversy
as everybody wants to feature the
streamer that brings in 30,000
concurrent live viewers, but nobody
wants to be affiliated with a guy
they're calling Hassan Pikerchu, the new
Mike Vic. Not because he suddenly became
a worse person. They've all witnessed
firsthand who he is for several years,
but only because suddenly it's no longer
beneficial to their career, as this is
really starting to sound exactly like
Hollywood. And recently, the dog has
mysteriously disappeared from her place
where people are noticing the not so
subtle commands. uh to a position where
we've finally gotten to a place where
like oh pure peace is taking place
[Music]
is taking place is is I don't know what
he's doing okay what what do you want
>> as when the puppy is finally set free
he's again shifting his stance
>> third group of people are the ones who
are like look at this clip look at that
clip look at this clip like it's obvious
he's moving his arms around like he's
he'sing constantly in a state of of of
zapping They moved away from the initial
conversation which was that like she
didn't even have that collar on to begin
with and the only reason why I show the
collar was because people were clipping
other
instances. It's the same reason as to
why America Ka please justing go just
stop.
Even if
what uh what like the the people that
are claiming are just like a significant
threat or whatever like most I I've said
this already e-collars that have
shocking components that feel like a
TENS machine which I've used on myself
in the past cuz you know I'm around dogs
that have been uh trained with that and
use it um is is not not only is it not
illegal but it's also straight up uh
used in the uh e fencing for people and
it's used in the training of like uh
dogs in general.
>> I think he's just preparing his audience
for the inevitable admission that he did
it. He just didn't want to make a big
deal out of it because at the end of the
day, like always, he's the real victim
here. As he had the audacity to boldly
lie to his audience again, saying this
was a different collar. She wasn't even
wearing one in the original video when
we all saw it. He's just filtering out
any last fans that might believe their
own eyes over his outright lies. And
honestly, he wouldn't be the first
person to implement this strategy since
if you can get away with saying fiery
but mostly peaceful, safe and effective
or she's not wearing this shot collar
you can clearly see in 4K HD, whatever
audience sticks around after all that
will literally let you get away with
anything.
So if you appreciate my concise lightor
commentary on the tragic status that is
today's reality, subscribe to decoy
voice.
[Music]