It's Q4 of the fourth year in crypto's 4-year 
cycle, and it's crypto's fourth cycle since
Bitcoin launched in 2009. And this means it's 
going to be up only until the end of the year.
Right. Right. Right. Well, not necessarily. Even 
though the end of the year has historically been
bullish for the crypto market, it's not going to 
be plain sailing. In fact, history suggests that
volatility is likely to increase as we approach 
crypto's cycle top. And that's why today we're
going to tell you everything you need to know 
about Q4, including when crypto prices could pump
or dump, which indicators to watch, and how high 
your coins and tokens could go. My name is Nick,
and you're watching the Coin Bureau. First 
though, nothing in this video is financial advice.
It's educational content intended to inform you 
about crypto in Q4. And if you want to see more
content like this, then smash that like button, 
comment down below, and let's get into it. So,
the fourth quarter of 2025 started a week ago, 
and Q4 has historically been the most bullish
period for the crypto market, particularly in 
the fourth year of the 4-year cycle. And yes,
we are in the fourth year of the 4-year cycle and 
happen to be in the fourth crypto cycle. To put
things into perspective, Bitcoin's Q4 return in 
2013 was almost 500%. In 2017, it was over 200%.
And in 2020, it was almost 200%. For Ethereum, its 
Q4 return was almost 150% in 2017 and it was over
100% in 2020. This is all according to Coin Glass. 
And yes, Bitcoin, Ethereum, and most cryptos
historically saw most of their gains going into Q4 
with Q4 containing that final blowoff top. And if
you watched our recent video about the altcoin 
season, you'll know that the underperformance
of most altcoins going into Q4 of this cycle is 
one thing that's been different about this crypto
cycle than the others. You'll also know that the 
reason for this is crypto's maturation as an asset
class. As the crypto market matures, more capital 
becomes concentrated in the top cryptos regardless
of how many cryptos there are. But let's back up 
a bit. Why has Q4 historically been so bullish
for crypto? Well, there are two reasons. And 
the first has to do with macro, particularly
institutional flows in the markets. You see, 
institutional investors will typically allocate
more to the markets going into year end to impress 
clients, make solid returns, and whatever else.
The result is that stocks tend to perform better 
in Q4, just like crypto. On that note, what's
different about this Q4 for stocks is the fact 
that retail flows have reportedly been dominating
in the markets since the spring. And this is 
because institutional investors got spooked by
Trump's liberation day tariffs back in April. 
Institutions have thus mostly been sidelined,
which is also part of the reason why the September 
effect didn't occur this time around. It was also
caused by those institutional flows. And that's 
why this Q4 is likely to be very explosive for
stocks. Institutions who've been sitting on the 
sidelines are now underperforming and they need
to catch up to keep their clients happy. And 
this means that institutions are basically
going to have to ape into the markets in the next 
few months. And it's possible they'll allocate to
alternative riskier assets like small cap stocks 
to make up for most of the lost gains. And if you
need evidence of that, look no further than what 
happened to large cap stocks, small cap stocks,
and the crypto markets on the 1st of October. They 
all started exploding higher. While it's possible
some of this was related to speculation around 
the US government shutdown, it's likely that most
of it was the result of institutional investors 
adjusting their allocations for Q4, which you'll
recall begins on the 1st of October. But that's 
just the macro side of the Q4 story. The crypto
side of the Q4 story is just as interesting. You 
see, the crypto market has a habit of transferring
coins and tokens from paper hands to diamond hands 
over the course of a cycle. For the purposes of
this video, let's just say that the crypto cycle 
starts at the bare market lows. Now, take a second
to ask yourself, who typically buys the dip at 
those extreme lows? Obviously, it's the diamond
hands, the investors who believe in the long-term 
potential of crypto, be they institutions or
retail. And as you will no doubt know, DCA is a 
very popular strategy in crypto. That's dollar
cost averaging. So, what happens after the bare 
market lows where everyone has capitulated and
believers of crypto's long-term potential 
start gradually buying the dip? Of course,
prices gradually start to recover. Eventually, the 
Bitcoin hovering comes around and this does two
things. First, it cuts the new supply of Bitcoin 
in half and that restriction of supply makes
Bitcoin's price rise, all else being equal. And 
second, and more importantly, the Bitcoin hovering
tends to bring attention back to crypto. Investors 
who capitulated during the bare market lows notice
that Bitcoin's price has recovered and maybe they 
start allocating a bit, too. The caveat is that
these so-called crypto tourists are the paper 
hands. They sold all their crypto at the lows
thinking it was over. And the only reason they're 
buying back is because they can see that it's not.
Naturally, the main reason they're buying is to 
make a shortterm gain, hold for a year or two,
and then sell when there's a rally or a cycle top. 
The catch is that the paper hands can't handle the
volatility along the way. The result is that these 
paper hands are the first to sell whenever prices
go up and whenever they go down. And this is 
essentially why it takes so long for crypto prices
to climb out of their bare market lows. Every 
rally and crash results in crypto tourists selling
out of their newly held positions. Meanwhile, the 
diamondhanded believers keep gradually buying,
allocating more to their favorite cryptos whenever 
they dip. And if you need evidence of that,
look no further than all the onchain data analysis 
being done by the likes of Glass Node. They found
that when short-term Bitcoin holders are sitting 
on large profits, the chances of a pullback tend
to rise because they're likely to sell. On the 
flip side, they found that when Bitcoin prices
fall sharply, the short-term holders tend to sell 
with the long-term holders buying up their coins.
As such, you could say that the reason why Q4 of 
the fourth year of the crypto cycle tends to be
so bullish is because by that point, enough of 
the supply of large cryptos like Bitcoin and ETH
has moved from the paper hands to the diamond 
hands for rallies to become more sustainable.
liquidations notwithstanding. It's just that the 
supply of crypto gradually becomes more restricted
as demand continues gradually rising. As the 
rallies become larger and more sustainable because
of these supply and demand dynamics, speculation 
starts to creep into the crypto market, eventually
resulting in a blowoff top that marks the end of 
the 4-year cycle. After that blowoff top, there's
a cascade of selling caused by liquidations 
eventually resulting in the bare market lows
where only the true diamond hands are left. And 
if history is any indication, the final blowoff
top of the crypto market could be just around the 
corner. And if you want to make the most of it,
then you have to check out the Coin Bureau deals 
page. That's where you'll find sign up bonuses
of $100,000, trading fee discounts of 50% and 
deposit cash backs of up to 75% on the best crypto
exchanges around. Now, to get these goodies, all 
you need to do is hit the link in the description
or scan this QR code. Once you get on the deals 
page, find a deal that suits you and click one
of the sign up now buttons. Now, these deals won't 
be around forever, so take advantage of them ASAP
while you can using the link down below or the 
QR code on the screen. Back to the video. So, now
that we understand why Q4 tends to be so bullish 
for the crypto market and why this is especially
true in the fourth year of the crypto cycle, we 
can finally look at a few indicators that will
guide us through this volatile period. Speaking 
of which, I probably should have mentioned that
earlier. Q4 tends to have the highest returns 
for both stocks and crypto, but also tends to be
the most volatile. With that in mind, there are 
two indicators you need to watch closely in the
coming weeks. One macro and one crypto. The macro 
indicator to watch closely is the US dollar as
measured by the Dixie. Now, for context, the Dixie 
measures the US dollar versus a basket of other
currencies, mainly the euro and the yen. And it's 
important to keep this in mind because deviations
in the euro and yen can also cause the Dixie to 
deviate as well. Anyways, the reason why you need
to watch the Dixie is because it effectively 
determines how much liquidity there is in the
global financial system. For reference, liquidity 
refers to money and most money is debt and most
debt is denominated in US dollars. And that's why 
when the Dixie goes up, everything else tends to
go down. And when the Dixie goes down, everything 
else tends to go up. And this begs the question of
what causes the Dixie to go up or down. The short 
answer is macro catalysts like US inflation data,
US unemployment data, and the Fed's interest 
rates. Lower inflation, higher unemployment,
and lower Fed interest rates tend to result in 
a weaker Dixie. But remember the Dixie can also
weaken or strengthen because of factors specific 
to the euro and the yen rather than the USD. For
instance, suppose there was a ceasefire or peace 
deal in Ukraine and this would probably cause the
euro to rally versus the dollar as investors 
would see that Europe is a safer bet now that
the geopolitical risk has subsided. Similarly, 
suppose that the Bank of Japan started raising
interest rates. Now, this would probably cause 
the yen to rally versus the dollar, as higher
interest rates would make the yen more attractive 
to hold versus the dollar. Anyway, as you can see,
the DIY rallied hard in 2022 because of the 
Fed's aggressive rate hikes. Lo and behold,
the Dixie topped around the same time that the 
stock market and crypto market bottomed. Since
that time, the Dixie has been gradually falling, 
and stocks and crypto have been gradually rising.
At the time of shooting this video, it looks like 
the Dixie is on the brink of another leg lower,
which would be bullish for the markets. 
And that actually reminds me, guys,
given that we're focused on the short-term period 
from now until the end of the year, make sure to
watch the Dixie on shorter time frames like daily 
chart and the 4hour chart. You'll be surprised to
find how perfectly the markets reflect its price 
action. Are stocks and cryptos starting to fall?
Check the Dexi. Chances are it will be rising 
and chances are it's because of the factor I just
mentioned. And if you happen to see that stocks 
are rising but crypto is falling then this means
that a cryptospecific factor is driving the crypto 
prices. And this could be something like bad news
related to regulations, a large crypto investor 
announcing they're selling or a bullish catalyst
being delayed. If it's affecting the entire crypto 
market and not just a couple of coins and tokens,
it's probably something along these lines. 
However, if stocks are rallying but crypto is
falling with no specific crypto catalyst, then 
this could be the sign of market manipulation.
And some would say this is what happened 
during the dip in late September. Now,
subsequent research by analysts like Andreas Steno 
Larsson suggests that this dip was likely due to
the intentional liquidation of leveraged longs at 
a time when the markets were easier to manipulate.
And this pertains to the crypto indicator you need 
to watch closely in the coming weeks, and that's
Bitcoin dominance. Now, to quickly recap, Bitcoin 
dominance measures how much of the total crypto
market cap is coming from Bitcoin versus other 
cryptos. Historically, the crypto market would
top when Bitcoin dominance bottomed, but just like 
the dexi, there are going to be a few bumps along
the way. So, what causes Bitcoin dominance to 
go up or down? Uh, the short answer is a crypto
rally where Bitcoin rallies more than everything 
else or a crypto crash where Bitcoin crashes less
than everything else. Now, to be clear, Bitcoin 
dominance going up does not necessarily mean that
everything else is going down. It could just 
mean that Bitcoin is rallying more. And things
that can cause Bitcoin to rally more than other 
cryptos are bullish catalysts specific to Bitcoin,
like a strategic Bitcoin reserve. Conversely, 
things that cause Bitcoin to crash less are
typically macro catalysts that result in a flight 
to safety within the crypto market. Bitcoin is
seen as a safe haven within the crypto market. 
So when you see Bitcoin dominance rising during
a crash, it tells you that there's a flight to 
safety. And this begs a bigger question though,
and that's when exactly will Bitcoin dominance 
go up or down in Q4. In this case, there are
two answers. The first answer is that Bitcoin 
dominance tends to get one big final spike higher
during Q4. Contrary to popular belief, the final 
spike higher isn't usually caused by a crash.
It's usually caused by a bullish catalyst that 
causes Bitcoin to rally to all-time highs for the
cycle. And this rally to all-time highs attracts 
attention from investors, many of whom will see
Bitcoin's six figure price and say, "Damn, I can't 
afford that." And not understanding that you can,
of course, buy a fraction of a Bitcoin. And the 
result is that speculative capital starts to
rotate into altcoins and Bitcoin dominance starts 
to fall. Because altcoins are more volatile than
Bitcoin, this attracts more speculation, creating 
a positive feedback loop. Now, take a second to
consider when this dynamic occurs. Where does that 
speculative capital flow to first? It's Ethereum,
the second largest crypto. And this is extremely 
important to note because if you look under the
hood of Bitcoin dominance, you'll notice that it 
consists mostly of large altcoins like Ethereum.
It's exactly like how when you look under the hood 
of the Dixie, it's mostly the euro and the yen.
Logically then, if we want to know where Bitcoin 
dominance is going, we also need to pay attention
to where charts like ETH BTC and Soul BTC are 
going, just like EuroUSD and JPYUSD. Well, as you
can see, ETH BTC seems to be close to a bottom, 
and it seems to be a similar story for Soul BTC,
at least technically speaking. And this means 
that Bitcoin dominance could be close to hitting
a local top before continuing lower. And this begs 
the biggest question of all. Where will Bitcoin
dominance bottom? Well, historically speaking, 
since Bitcoin dominance has previously bottomed
somewhere in the 40 to 45% range, the answer 
will likely be somewhere around there. And once
you can see that Bitcoin dominance is approaching 
that range, then it means that the crypto market
is close to a top. Add this indicator to your 
favorites and watch it closely. And this brings
us to the part of the video you've all been 
waiting for. Figuring out how high your coins
and tokens could go. And I'll start by saying that 
each crypto should be analyzed individually and
that we don't have the time to do that for you in 
this video. That said, we can use some very basic
technical analysis to get a sense of how big the 
crypto market as a whole could get. What you're
looking at on this chart is the total 2ES, which 
is the total crypto market cap excluding Bitcoin
and stable coins. In other words, total 2ES is 
the total market cap of altcoins. Basic technical
analysis suggests that the total 2ES is likely to 
grow to around $3 trillion, probably more when you
factor in leverage in DeFi borrowing and all that 
fun stuff. At first glance, you might think, well,
that's only a 2x. That sucks. But upon closer 
inspection, however, you'll realize that Total
2ES is an index. It consists of highquality and 
lowquality cryptos. Not sure if you've noticed,
but most cryptos are lowquality. And this means 
that most cryptos probably won't pump by much.
And the result is that the average return of the 
overall altcoin index is lower. But if you focus
on quality cryptos, the average return looks 
much better. We reckon the average return of
quality altcoins is likely to be closer to a 
4x. And even then, you have to remember that
you're dealing with an average. Not to burst 
anyone's bubble, but large cap altcoins like
ETH and XRP probably aren't going to 4x from here. 
Once again, this brings down the average return
among quality altcoins. Now, the further down you 
go in market cap rankings, the larger the returns
are likely to be. But again, this assumes that 
you're focusing exclusively on quality altcoins.
And if you don't know what quality altcoins are, 
then you can check out our video about how to do
your own research and find those right over here. 
And if you're not subscribed to the channel yet,
well, you can change that right now by hitting 
the subscribe button right over here. This is
Nick signing off. Thank you guys very much for 
watching, and I will see you in the next video.