What's going on my flyby family? It's
your boy Izzy. Welcome if you're new.
Man, I done seen some disturbing
information about what the players
actually are asking for in this CBA. And
it makes me feel like they're not
understanding the situation that they're
in. Man, we might not see a 2026 season.
If they feel this way, we're about to
get all the way into it. But before we
do that, y'all make sure y'all hit a
thumbs up for your boy if you like the
content. Don't forget to subscribe to
the channel. We're trying to hit 34.6,
six. So, if you can help me out with
that, I highly appreciate it. And don't
forget to get in the comment section and
let me know what y'all think about this
one. Let's get it. All right. So, I'm
kind of gonna double dip into my content
that I just dropped with Khloe
Peterson's article. Shout out to her,
man. She did an amazing job, like I
stated, discussing this CBA. And then
we're going to hop over into um another
article that's sharing a little bit more
about the offer that was given to the
players. Right. So, let's go ahead and
I'mma paraphrase a little bit of this
just so we can get on to the good stuff.
So, basically in this beginning here, um
Chloe was just stating like there are
some things right around the corner that
can't start unless the CBA is finished,
right? That would be Portland Fire and
to and Toronto Tempo uh getting their
drafts in and then the free agency,
right? So, those two things are supposed
to start, but they can't if the CBA is
not negotiated and signed and delivered.
If you wait until next year or late in
this year, all that information is going
to be piled on teams and players and
they're going to have to be figuring out
who's keeping who, where this player is
going, who's getting drafted. It it's
going to you're going to need Noah's
Arc, all right, to survive all the
flooded information and flooded stuff
that's going to be happening. basically
is what Khloe is saying, right? So, if
we scroll down a little bit more, she
got into what Nisa Cala did, calling out
Kathy Ingleberg, right? And basically
was talking about what Kathy said at the
beginning of the finals. And just to
paraphrase what she said here, basically
she was saying, you know, they've been
in this position before in a CBA
negotiation where they had to extend it
and uh you know, they had people in
place dealing with that before Kathy was
there. So, she's confident that they'll
get it done nonetheless. Now, when we
scroll down to this section right here,
it makes me feel like the women, the
basketball players are kind of out of
the loop a little bit. Now, granted, I
remember Fee talking about this. So,
yeah, I think they know about this
situation. They just don't want to
acknowledge it, maybe. I don't know. So,
let's get into it. A lot of things could
change in the new agreement, too. The
players main talking points are salaries
and revenue sharing. All right, this is
the main thing they want. They want the
revenue sharing. Okay, salaries top off
at around 250,000 and revenue sharing is
only around 9%. That's what it is right
now. Okay. So, they want players want a
transformational increase in salaries as
well as a revenue sharing structure that
is more similar to the NBA's 49% to 51%
agreement with its players.
Now, that part right there makes me feel
like they do not understand what's going
on. All right? And I broke it down a few
times. I had a few people saying, "Oh,
you don't know what you're talking
about." But then Fee came out and said,
"Yeah, we only own 42% of our revenue,"
which is what I stated plenty of times.
42% is going to the WNBA, 42% is going
to the NBA, 16 is going to the private
investors. That's what's going on right
now.
So, the fact that y'all want to get a
similar,
like I I need their exact definition of
similar because uh no, there's no way
you can look anything close to the NBA.
All right? The only way that y'all could
look something similar like the NBA is
if you buy out the NBA. Is if you buy
out those private investors. And you
know why that would never happen?
Because they don't have the money to do
that. They don't have the sustainability
to do that, y'all. They don't have it.
They do not have it, fam.
>> The way the NBA The NBA gets 100% of
their revenue, they share 50% of that
with the players. All right? That it's
just the NBA and the players. That's it.
Nobody else. NBA players. When the WNBA
graph come up, we we bring up the pie
chart.
You got WNBA, NBA, and then you got
private investors. You have two hands in
the cookie jar.
You have two hands in the cookie jar,
fam.
How are you expecting a full piece of
cookie when you have one cookie in the
jar and you have three hands breaking
pieces of it? How do you expect a full
piece or half a piece of a cookie? Now,
I'll take it back. I don't want them to
never find a way to get it done. Of
course, I want them to figure out how to
make as much money as they possibly can,
but it has to make sense. The only way
you're seeing that money is if if you
buy out those other owners. That's the
only way, man. Either you buy out the
owners or y'all make a crazy amount of
money to where y'all don't even feel the
effect of having two other uh parties
digging in your cookie jars. All right.
Now, granted, with everything going on,
the league value is going up. Going over
here to the ringer, they ended up
stating, "Despite a lopsided series this
year, the WNBA Finals ratings have
quintupled since 2019. The Aces
purchased in 2021 for two million are
worth more than 300 million today. So
the value is going up. According to
Sportico, the collective value of all 13
franchises is 3.5 billion. But it is
crazy that they turned down this
proposal right here. It says on Friday,
Annie Costel of Front Office Sports
reported that the WNBA's latest proposal
to players includes an $850,000
salary max and a 300,000
veteran minimum.
That's damn a four time increase because
you think about it, the max I think is
200,000,
right? The max is 200,000.
They got a max of 850,000. Yo. Yo, hold
on. Come here, man. So, y'all y'all
decided to
deny
or or say no to $850,000
max contract. Oh my goodness. I mean,
what are y'all looking for?
What are y'all looking for at this
point?
That is crazy work. 850,000 and you had
a 300,000
minimum. Come on, man. That's that's
what I'm saying, man. They have to be
reasonable here. There's no way you're
asking the WNBA to look like the NBA
when the foundation isn't even near what
the NBA is. So, it's like, yeah, the
trajectory is going up. The league is
going up. Although they're not making a
profit. I understand the revenue is
going up. The value of teams are going
up. I understand all of that. But
nothing is going to change if y'all
don't change the foundation. All right?
It's as simple as that. All this stuff
can be looking great, right? Teams can
cost more. The league could be making
more money. All this great stuff, but
none of that is going to matter if you
still have the NBA owning and the third
party owning, the private investors.
None of that is going to matter. So, I
think they need to figure out how can
they get off of those owners.
That's that's how I feel. How can you
detach yourself from the NBA? How can
you detach yourself from the third party
owners? You basically want to take 50%
from 42%. So, you want 21%
of the revenue basically, and you're
going to leave the league 21%
to take care of the cost of everything
to keep the league running. You want to
give the league 21% to work with. I
understand y'all want more money, but it
has to make sense to where the league
can survive. There are questions that I
do have about everything that's going on
because looking around with I mean
there's no really solid numbers but
looking around from what I'm seeing
reports on I done seen people say they
made 200 million they lost 40 million to
50 million somewhere in that range. So
in that case the league operations had
to cost around 240 250 million since
they lost 40 to 50 just putting the
reports together. That's what I'm
thinking right now. My question is that
200 million, is that the 42% of what
they're getting? And I know people want
to forget about them not making a profit
because it is possible to get revenue
share although you're not making a
profit. But fam, you can't ignore that.
You can't ignore that, man. It's like,
what do you want them to do? They can't
even pay for all the operations that's
going on in the league, but y'all want
more money? Like, yo, that is tough,
man. That's so It's almost like saying,
"Yeah, just give us more money and allow
the league to shut down." Like that's
what it's sounding like, man. Look,
overall, man, I think they're going to
overplay their hand if they're trying to
look like the NBA. That's just me. U 49
to 51% of the revenue off of 42%. It's
just It's just not making sense to me,
man. Honestly, it's just not making
sense to me. Y'all let me know how y'all
feel about what the women want. Do y'all
think they can get that done or do y'all
think they're going to overplay their
hands? Man, let me know in the comments
section. I love y'all.