So, is this you? Great on the driving
range, but as soon as you step out onto
the golf course, you're absolutely
terrible. You could be a completely
different golfer and I necked it. Well,
I'm going to show you exactly why that
is and how to fix it really quickly
because there is two main reasons. And
the first one here, every single amateur
golfer does. You're all going to improve
after improving this very first one. So,
let's get straight to it. So, today
coming at you from Rowan Castle in East
Asia in Scotland. So, what is the first
point here? So, if I tee up a golf ball,
you see this on the first tee quite
often for golfers. But to be honest, you
see it throughout the entire round.
Every single course lesson I've ever
given, every single person does this.
And let's say down the middle of the
fairway here on the 15th at Row Allen,
you're trying to aim down, let's say,
the center of the fairway. But then
you'll get a guy come up to te
just like this and think they're aiming
straight down the middle of the fairway.
And what do they have to do then? They
have to reorganize their swing. So they
are aiming way off the planet. You all
do this. Every single one of you does
this. I do this sometimes. But if you
are, again, let's say we want to hit it
down the middle of the fairway and
you're aiming 30 yards right. You have
to make a counter adjustment to be able
to hit that ball to target. Now, I would
demonstrate that, but I'll lose this
ball. This is a prov. I don't want to
lose it. So, we have to make sure we are
lining up correctly. It could happen for
players left, aiming way left, trying to
get the ball to come back, or maybe they
don't know they're aiming so far left.
Regardless, we've got to fix it. So, to
fix this, two things I want you to do.
One of them is optional, but ultimately
when you're lining yourself up, what I
want players to do is do what we call
picking an intermediate target. So,
we've got our, let's say, our target
down there. Let's say again, it is just
down the middle of the fairway. There's
a bunker there on the right, if you
could see it. I would want to be a
smidge left, about 10 yards left of it.
So, what I would do, I would get my club
shaft up and I would line it up with
that portion I want to line up with. So
you see likes like like Justin Rose do
this all the time. Loads of tour players
do. And what I'm doing when I'm creating
that line between over my ball and to my
target, you might just be able to see my
back there, but I am then going to see,
okay, it's covering a little spot right
in front. This is my intermediate
target. It's about a foot in front of my
ball. So it's a little tuft of ground
there. So we want to then as we're
stepping into the shot, we want to line
up with that. So then we have our club
face lined up straight with that and aim
our body accordingly. That is going to
get us lined up a hell of a lot better.
So before I hit the shot, one more
thing. A lot of people do this with
putting. So this is the second point. So
you got your intermediate target. Again,
talk about Justin Rose, probably one of
the best professionals out there. Great
to watch with how meticulous he is in
every part of his game. Really good one
to study. So with putting we know if
this focuses on the golf ball properly,
what have we got here? So you can see
lines. Okay. So lines that generally you
would use for your putting, but we're
going to use it for our driving as well.
So with those lines, what are we going
to do? Absolutely. It's going to give us
a reference point. So I've started
implementing this with my own game
recently. I've been having, like I said,
a lot of people suffer this. Me as a
professional, I still suffer with
alignment out in the golf course. So,
we're just going to get it roughly
lining up where we want to, which we
know here is just to the left of the
bunker. Again, get in my target. Let's
get my club face set down first. So, get
the club face set down and then the rest
of the body from there. Parallel lines.
Again, it's like railroad tracks.
Now, I know I'm lined up good and I can
now just commit to the shot and swing
through it.
So, if we can do that, we're going to
have a much better time to be able to
translate more from what we do on the
practice ground on the driving range to
the golf course. Because what we doing
on our driving range, we're aiming with
a bay. The bay is lining up again has
again a target. It's set up to. Most
players will be doing block practice,
hitting shots, lining up with just the
bay. Maybe they've got an alignment
stick down. That doesn't happen on the
golf course. You have to line yourself
up every single time. So make sure you
do that. It's not going to be perfect,
but it's going to be sure a lot better
than if you're aiming at nothing, cuz
you're going to hit that every single
time. So number two, and that is your
acceleration profile. So don't be
scared. All that really means is are you
rushing or are you not? So commonly what
we see with players when they're on a
range, nice smooth transition, nice
smooth gradual acceleration through the
down swing, and then they get to the
golf course and it's just rushed as
anything. maybe not that extreme, but if
we are going and we are rushing,
especially that start of the down swing,
that's going to throw off our
sequencing. So, if we're making the part
where we're applying force right here at
the top of the back swing going into the
down swing, that can quite often for
players giving them a much more
pronounced out to over the top move if
that's their tendency. Or if it's a
player like me, I can suffer with this
every now and again as well. I'll get a
little bit pulley down with the hands
straight away. Get the club a little bit
trapped behind me. So, we want a gradual
acceleration through that down swing. We
want it to be picking up speed and we
want to feel the part. We're applying
the force through impact. That's going
to give us a great look for our club
path more consistently and it's going to
get us through the shot. I see it all
the time for club golfers finishing
through. Everything's fast here and then
they're still on this back foot and you
see them on the driving range lovely and
through it. It's because their
acceleration profile is off. They're
rushing. Think of someone like Xander
Schoffley. What is he like at the top?
He's nice and kind of relaxed there. And
then he turns through that shot. Give it
a little bit of a weight, a little bit
of a patience. Feel like it's pausing
there for about a second or two. Again,
this is something that I really suffer
with as well. So, this is where your
tempo and your tempo for you as an
individual might make it look faster or
slower than others, but you still want
to feel nice, low, and smooth. That's
going to give you good club path. It's
going to give you good speed at the
right point, and it's going to get you
through the shot. So, it's going to help
for your accuracy, your distance, and
your striking. So, okay, we're on the
fairway here. So, we can't line up our
ball. So, we know, okay, well, from the
first point, we want to line it up with
our club shaft over the ball over to the
target, which will be at the flag here
for this shot. So, okay, now we're
moving through,
getting my club behind the ball first.
I've got my intermediate target, which
is right in front of the ball. It's
easier to aim with something that's a
foot in front of you, then, let's say,
200 yards away. Now getting the rest of
my body lined up accordingly. Now nice
and smooth as I start that down swing.
Picking up the speed throughout the
shot.
That's a nice shot there. Just draw him
back to the middle. But that's going to
be absolutely fine. So if we can follow
those two points, you're going to have a
much better course game. It's going to
resemble your range game. Now again on
the driving range, you're always going
to be that little bit better. There's no
consequence. You haven't got a
scorecard. you haven't got that 200lb
pencil in your pocket marking your
scorecard. So, you're always going to be
a little bit worse here. It's a
reflection again, I guess we could say.
Bonus point here. If you're really
suffering even more here than you are on
the driving range, get more practice in.
Put more reps in on the driving range
and just get more time through there. Do
your drills. Do everything you need to
do and do these two points in here.
Don't sleep on them. So, if you enjoyed
this video, click that like button. If
you want more golf instructions just
like this, hit the subscribe button. Hit
the bell button, too, to be notified
every time I put out a