investigative journalist, I would say,
Baron Coleman. I want to give this guy
some love and kind of uh highlight him
during this segment, but he went and did
all of these Google trend searches for
various different terms that relate to
the Charlie Kirk assassination, and he
found some really, really disturbing
trends. Um, Baron Coleman has very few
subscribers on YouTube. I think he's
got, let me see how many subscribers he
actually has. Only 3,000
you know, three and a half thousand
subscribers and he's been doing some
really great live streams over the last
few weeks about Charlie Kirk and the
assassination. You should follow the
guy. I'm just going to play a few of his
clips because I've just been so
impressed with his uh with his what he's
been doing. But look at these s these
bizarre searches that were done. Let's
go ahead and watch. This is Baron
Coleman.
>> George Zinn. You can see here where
George Zinn was arrested. There's a
little blip on September 10th in the
District of Columbia. I'm I'm assuming
this is everybody racing
to the uh computer to figure out who is
the guy they just arrested. I don't know
what this is. Maybe a few days later
people go. But look here, July 20th. Now
this July 20 is going to become very
important tonight. Wonder if anybody
googled the hospital where they took
Charlie Kirk. They took him to Tempanog
Regional Hospital. That's there in the
district. I mean that's there in uh
Utah. They have I think a campus in
Oram, Utah.
So I go District of Columbia. Here is
where again on September 10th, 11th.
Right there you see the searches for
Temponogos Regional Hospital. People
looking for where they took Charlie
Kirk. But you'll see this spike of
interest in Tempo's Regional Hospital
out of DC and then no interest for two
solid months before the shooting. But
again, keep in mind that July 20 anchor
date. Here we have a July 16, 2025.
And then we have a July 3 and we have a
June 28.
And if you go out 12 months, you'll
notice
you even had one back then. And then
this all kind of goes out. So
something's going on here at the
Tempanoo Regional Hospital search. And
then right the day before the shooting,
somebody in the District of Columbia
says, "We should really make sure we
know what the Tempogos Regional Hospital
is." And so I wondered who the medical
examiner was there in Utah. And I looked
her up. She's a woman named Dedra Amaro.
And she was looked up at this time not
in the District of Columbia, but in
Israel, which I thought was very
strange. June 30th of 2025. go to the
District of Columbia, for example, not
there. The commissioner of the Utah
Department of Public Safety, in other
words, a high-ranking law enforcement
official. I noticed Bo Mason got
appointed to that position on July 17th.
Again, that anchor right around July
20th. He was appointed a few weeks
before that and he took the role on July
17th. But again, District of Columbia,
Bo Mason, Ray, you can say he's a is a
law enforcement official. Notice how
close that is to July 20th. Again, we
got it right in that same window where I
told you really watch that time period.
But again, this one could be explained
away as, hey, he well, he got appointed
the very next day. He got appointed on
July 17th there in Utah. So maybe on
July 16th, someone says we need to look
at who the new uh Department of Public
Safety head is going to be in Utah.
Maybe. Maybe. Every day we're exposed to
nanoplastics infiltrating our food,
water, and air, and they are being
detected in the human body. A study in
the New England Journal of Medicine
found nanoplastics embedded in the
artery plaque and people with those
particles had a higher risk of heart
attack and stroke over the next 3 years.
The wellness company's medical board is
dedicated to understanding root cause
issues and created Plaz Detox to act as
a natural solution. Plaz detox is your
daily defense that targets internal
plastic buildup with a superior blend of
ingredients. It it includes cracked cell
wall chlorella to bind and help remove
toxins, calcium dlucarate to support
phase 2 liver detox and the elimination
of endocrine disruptors such as BPA and
polystyrene, tomato extract to provide
antioxidant protection, and a detox
probiotic blend to reinforce the gut
barrier and help clear nanoplastic
byproducts. Use Plaz Detox daily to
reduce toxin burden and support healthy
liver detox. All in a clean daily
formula for long-term use. Go to
twwc.health/kim
and use code kim to get 15% off plus
free shipping. Again, that's tw.alth/kim
and use code kim to get 15% off.
I do have to say that I tried to
replicate these Google searches and I
was unable to do it. These Google trend
searches. Um, and I had been hearing
about these Google trend searches that,
you know, why were certain things
searched for in advance? Um why like
what what uh Baron is pointing out here,
Baron Coleman, what he's pointing out
here is why why did why were people
searching for the hospital in DC and in
Israel or the medical director in
Israel? Why why are they searching for
these random turns or George Zinn, the
guy that stood up and said, "I did it. I
did it." And he they carted him away and
they at first said he was the guy. Uh,
why was his name searched in DC? Like
before Charlie Kirk was actually killed,
why are all of these things that were
all involved that all linked to the
Charlie Kirk assassination, why were
they specifically looked for in DC and
in Israel? That is really bizarre that
it would be that their names or these
entities would be searched in advance.
Uh, now of course you could say, well,
it's it's coincidental maybe or or maybe
not. or maybe, you know, how how many
coincidences do you need when there's
the medical director, the hospital, the
the initial pathy, uh, Tyler Robinson
himself, you know, when all of these
names and all of these things are
searched, why that that is that's a bit,
you know, that's you could say
coincidental, but that's just maybe too
many coincidences. And so, it's just
something interesting to think about
that
these this was before. So there's there
is a theory out there that, you know,
all of this was planned in advance.
Obviously, if you're planning to
assassinate somebody, then you're going
to look things up. You're going to make
sure you do your planning. And that is
sort of what these Google search trends
are showing us. I could not replicate
this. Um, people had also reports that
I'd seen online is that some people were
able to catch this and actually do their
screen recording while they were, which
is what clearly Baron Baron Coleman was
able to do. Um, and since then the
Google trends have been scrubbed. And
that is what I saw was that uh I
couldn't I couldn't see any searches
whatsoever for any of these. Nothing
showed up at all. But let's just still
watch what he was able to to catch in
his um when he was doing this. And he
live streamed all this. So if you want
to watch his live streams, they're quite
long. I spent last night watching one of
them, but it's like two two and a half
hours long. But I've just got some clips
here for you because I just think this
has been pretty interesting.
Has anyone in the world taken an
interest in the old special agent in
charge there in Salt Lake City? Yes.
July 9th. Remember about 10 or 11 days
before that July 20 date I tell you to
keep anchoring on. On July 9th, somebody
looks up the old special agent in
charge, Matab Sayed. Unless you think
that's kind of a a name that Well, maybe
that's just that's just a particular
Hey, I even added the middle initial.
Matab as say again Israel again August
10th what about the new guy who replaced
him Robert BS replaced him well let's
look up Robert BS anybody in the world
looking at Robert BS yeah our friends in
Israel or an IP address originating in
Israel September 1st lest you think this
is just a name that gets searched all
the time not in DC this is the special
agent in charge of the Salt Lake No one
in District of Columbia was interested
in it was
>> kind of weird Okay.
>> And this guy uh was living with someone
who may or may not be transitioning from
male to female and and may or may not
wear puppy dog costumes and think he's a
dog or something, but his name was
Hunter Kak. Ko Z ak. Lo and behold, our
friends in Israel were searching the
name Hunter Kak or someone with an IP
address originating in Israel. We're
searching the name Hunter Kak on 3
August 2025. Now, let's do the District
of Columbia. Anyone within our nation's
capital curious about this guy? No.
Anybody inside the state of Utah curious
about this guy?
Only after the shooting.
>> Okay. So, who is Hunter Kak? So, Hunter
Kak was the student that asked Charlie
Kirk his last question and the last
question had to do with trans. So, he's
like, you know, he asks him about trans
and then Charlie Kirk gets shot by
supposedly somebody who's dating a trans
furry. And what Baron is pointing out is
that this name was searched in Israel
before the event. Now, let's talk about
that spy. Remember that plane that uh
was suspicious kind of disappeared from
the radar? What about that?
>> A Bombardier Global 6500 with the tail
number November 1098 Lima. And on the
day Charlie Kirk was died, it made two
very interesting flights and deviations
from flights. It had booked a flight or
it had flight plans from I think New
Mexico to Montana which would take it
right near Oram, Utah, the sight of the
rally. This was not an unusual flight
for this plane. But on the day of the
shooting,
it actually dropped. This plane can go
up to 51,000 ft cruising altitude. It's
a it's a US spy plane basically. And on
the day of the shooting, it comes all
the way down to 203 or 204 feet off the
deck, off the ground, and it's flying at
nearly stall speed. The first time it
did that,
>> was heading north on its path to um
Montana. It deviates from its flight
plan. It comes down to from 30 to 50,000
feet in the air. comes all the way down
to 204 ft and it flies within 2 miles of
the campus of Utah Valley University.
And then on the way back and then it
goes back up and on the way back 24 25
minutes after Kirk was assassinated, it
comes back through the Oram, Utah area,
back down to 203 or 204 ft, the exact
same height it flew before at nearly the
exact same speed 25 minutes after Kirk
was assassinated. Nearly stall speed. A
gust of wind could have knocked that
plane out of the sky and then it goes
back up and on its way. And then now
remember this tail number here, N1098L,
November 1098 Lima. So I think that's a
weird thing. I mean that's that's
unusual. So let's look it up and let's
see just for the sake of argument. Is
there anybody in the world who is
curious about this plane at this time?
And in fact, I did find somebody. I
found 1098
uh November 1098 Lima. It was searched
again out of Israel.
In the weeks leading up to the shooting,
August 8th, a month and two days before
the shooting, a month and two days
before this plane does a very weird 200
ft flyby of the campus
at nearly stall speed. Now, we've
learned since that this plane has the
capacity to deploy drones. I've seen
news articles. I've seen videos. This
plane, this jet is a US government
contracted spy plane. Okay, so this was
a different plane than what I what I
thought it was. Um, this is a a spy
plane. This is very interesting. Again,
this is why you got to watch this guy's
full live stream to kind of catch up on
all these things because it's got hours
and hours on his YouTube channel. But I
mean, look, all of these searches go
back to Israel, uh, or DC, but mostly
Israel.
We're not saying, but we're saying
I don't know what else to say. I'll just
play a little bit more of this one last
one. This is about this the strange
surgeons being from Temponoga's hospital
being surgery.
>> I was very curious when the talking
points USA spokesperson came out and
said they had spoken to the surgeon but
didn't give the surgeon's name. So I
thought who's the surgeon again? This is
the surgeon who looked. This is the guy
who said Charlie's made of steel. This
bullet would have normally gone through
almost anybody but Charlie, not Charlie.
He's made of steel. But he didn't give
the surgeon's name. And again, remember
Dedra Amora? They didn't do an autopsy.
I don't think at least that's the news
on the street. They didn't do an
autopsy. So I go and I get a list of all
the surgeons I can find at the ORM
branch of Tempanago's Regional Hospital.
The first seed surgeon I could find was
a guy named Steven Neilman. Steven
Neilman. Remember that date? July 20.
This is July 18th. Friends on the other
side of the planet over there. Very
curious about the surgeons in Utah.
You'll find out. I go to the next one. I
could find Robert Patterson. I found a
lot. So I added an MD to it. July 23 and
24. I go to the next one. Lee Troder.
This is right in that July 20 area. that
July 20 timeline. Someone with an IP
address originating in Israel looking up
Surgeon Lee Troder near about that same
July 20 time period.
>> Okay, you know, look,
sorry about that. Here I am. I'm still
here. Uh wrong button. We we're like I
said, we're we're we're not saying,
okay,
but we're saying now I can hit that
button.
Thank you for watching this clip from
the full Kim Iverson show which you can
catch Monday through Friday 2 pm Pacific
5:00 PM Eastern at kim Iversonshow.com.
It is free for you to watch again. 2
p.m. Pacific, 5:00 p.m. Eastern.
kimironshow.com.
See you there.