For those of you who didn't see it
yesterday, uh we're trying to
crowdsource a peaceful revolution. Uh
and so what we're going to try to do is
unite folks u left, middle, right, uh on
things we agree on and see if we could
actually bring change from the outside.
Has this ever been done before?
Actually, one time uh by John Stewart,
uh he put so much pressure on Congress
from the outside to uh fund the health
care of first responders um on 9/11. the
sick, corrupt politicians after talking
about 911, 911, 911 had cut the funding
for health care uh for those first
responders and John Stewart did such a
brilliant job of putting pressure on
publicly that they said, "Oh, yeah,
yeah, yeah. We meant to do it." Yeah, of
course. Of course, we meant to serve the
American people and the first
responders. They got caught. That was
the first time that I've ever seen
anyone catch them from the outside. And
so, I love it and I think it could be
done again and again and again. Look,
you'll have the skeptics. No, no
question. In fact, we did the uh first
episode yesterday and then I I checked
out some of the comments and I don't
know if it's like Israeli bots that are
doing some sort of talking point or some
other disaffected weirdos or something,
but they're like, "Oh, yeah, you want us
to do this revolution together? Well,
I'm not going to pay you. Who asked you
to pay me?" Like, we literally say the
exact opposite. Normally paying members
pay for this bonus episode. And normally
we don't do this. We do more stories. We
do personal stories etc. But the in
their like infinite generosity in my
opinion they were like no let's make it
free to everyone. So look every part of
this is optional that no one asked you
for money. No one's asking you like oh
you have to do this. If you like the
idea and you think that maybe we should
try maybe we can regain our democracy
maybe we can work together then do it if
you want. Do it if you like. Right? If
you don't like it and you just want to
make fun, by the way, that's okay, too.
God bless. I don't mind. I don't need
the whole country to do it. We only need
actually within the scope of the 350
million people in America. We need less
than 1% to actually try this together.
And if we try it together, I swear to
you, we're going to get the results. We
I saw John Stewart do it. We can do it.
I'm positive of it. Okay? And again, I
think I can show you how. And we are
going to go step by step. So now that
brings us to the second step today. So
yesterday I laid out what the program
was. Today we're going to be more
interactive. Okay? And today we're going
to do something where we're going to try
uh one thing together if we can. Okay?
So I'm I and a whole bunch of you wrote
in yesterday with suggestions and I'm
going to
touch on some of those. I liked some of
those. I want to talk about whether we
should do some of those and and I I love
what you guys are doing in that regard.
But if we can, let's do Kate. Do you
have Mark Pokean's uh graphics? So if
get get them ready, don't don't put them
up yet. So we've been uh one of the
things that I suggested yesterday was
why don't we try to lower drug prices?
You say, "Oh, well that's impossible.
You got big pharma. They're even bigger
than Apac, way bigger. They control
almost all of Congress, etc." But uh
good news. Um, Roan took a Donald Trump
executive order verbatim, turn it into a
bill, and that would actually uh create
uh give us the drug prices that other
developed nations pay, which is way,
way, way lower. So, it would do a great
job of lowering drug prices. No, no
reason for Republicans to object. This
is Trump's executive order. No reason
for Democrats to object because it's uh
completely Democratic policy. Great.
Trump and the Democrats agree.
Wonderful. So, let's get it done. So,
how many co-sponsors does he have now?
By the way, it's called HR3493,
Global Fairness in Drug Prices Act.
Right.
So, how many co-sponsors does Roana have
now? Uh, three. Okay. So, that's the
name of the act. And Don Data Dragon
already wrote in during the show, uh,
saying that he already pushed it out. I
love it. And we have a tool that you
could, uh, use to to do that in in terms
of emailing your representatives. Uh,
and that's tyt.com/drugp
prices. And what you'll see is there's
already a little bit of a script. You
can change it any way you like. You
could write whatever you want, but
always be polite, guys. I'm going to
talk more about that in a second. But if
you're a Republican, send it to your
Republican congressman. If you're a
Democrat, Democratic congressman, but or
any congressman, and ask them, hey, if
they're Republicans, please pass this
bill, which is Trump's executive order.
if they're Democrats, please pass this
bill that is Democrat core Democratic
healthcare policy. Okay, so this is an
interesting list of the folks who are
co-sponsors of this bill. You got Roana
on the left and you've got um
uh Marcy Captor on the left and she's a
solid uh Democrat and progressive
largely throughout her career. And then
on the right, you have three people
actually, actually five overall. Elijah
Crane, uh, Republican of Arizona. Uh,
Andy Biggs, Republican of Arizona. Very
extreme right-winger, but he's like
Trump's executive order. Yeah, I'm in.
And then the fifth person is
Representative Luna Anna Pina. Okay. So,
and she's on board. So, those are two
very right-wing folks. I don't know much
about uh Elijah Crane, but okay, that's
a good start. So you got, you know,
five, but five out of 435 members of
Congress, they should all be on board
for this. So that's why we want to reach
out to them. So today, we're going to
try something where we all
reach out to the same person on in all
these different ways, including social
media, and that's Representative Mark
Pokean. Now, why are we picking Mark
Pokean? Is that because he's a bad guy?
No, we're picking him from the exact
opposite reason. He's a really good guy.
He's a good progressive and I'm sure
that he's in favor of this policy. I'd
be shocked if he wasn't in favor of this
policy. So, it's like you'd be surprised
at how little communication there is
within Congress. And as long as
leadership isn't pushing something,
sometimes a really good idea will just
stay dormant there. So, in the most
polite and friendly way we can, let's
all uh in a sense you're helping
Representative Pokean. Hey,
Representative Pokean, we know you're a
progressive and we know you uh like this
idea. So, can you sign on to be a
co-sponsor of HR 3493? Okay. So, we got
his social media. Can we put that up?
All right. So, on X, he's representative
Mark Pokean. So, Rep. Mark Pokean. Mark
with a K. On Instagram, Instagram, same
thing. Rep. Mark Pokean. Facebook just
Mark Pokean. Okay. So, reach out to him
in those ways. Do not be impolite. He's
a good guy. There's no need to do
anything wrong. Just say, "Hey, there's
this great bill, Global Fairness and
Drug Prices Act. Can you help?" Right?
And if you want to email them, remember
you that's easier in a sense because we
already have that program that allows
you to do it automatically. So,
tyt.comdrug
prices for that. Okay. So, now
operation, this started from Operation
Hope, which is a lot of uh great young
curse viewers who've been trying to
drive for positive change. for well over
a year. We worked on the main ballot
initiative to get money out of politics
and it passed and that felt great. Uh
and so some of them might start to uh
gather up some volunteers and help in
that regard. But they can tell you uh
they've sometimes gotten people to sign
on representatives or candidates to sign
on to the populist plank that I couldn't
get. So we're going to see if combined
we have a little bit more power than
individually. So, and and guys, as I've
been saying throughout, I'm not
promising any results. I'm promising
effort. So, I don't know how many of you
guys are going to reach out to
Representative Pokean on social media
and how many are going to email him. And
I don't know how much of a difference
it's going to make. But what's
interesting and amazing about this is
we're going to find out together. Okay?
And if, by the way, if one method fails,
then we'll try another method and
another method, right? So, this is the
first thing we're trying in terms of
reaching a specific congressperson. And
again, we're picking him cuz he's a good
guy and and likely uh to respond. And
then if that works with Representative
Pokeen, then we'll go to the next
representative and the next
representative and we'll do both
Democrats and Republicans. Okay? Imagine
it works. How good will you feel? And
then you will definitely get to say, "I
did that." Right? Imagine it works so
well eventually that we get a vote on
the bill and it passes and then you have
lower drug prices and so do your
neighbors, your family, and your
friends. You walk around town like the
most proud person in America because you
will have participated in democracy and
move democracy and gotten real results
not just for yourself but for the all
Americans and that'll be beautiful thing
if we can get it done. Okay. So again uh
write in today and I will um uh tell you
guys I'll interact with you more. Um,
oh, I see. They can email Pokean through
the website if they live in his
district. So, that's if you live in Mark
Mo Pokean's district in Wisconsin. But
otherwise, and and here's another thing,
guys. If you know a better way to reach
legislators, you're going, "Oh, Jake,
you're asking him to do social media or
email." No, no, no. There's already a
program that does X, Y, or Z. Write in
and tell us. Okay? No pride of
authorship here, guys. We want you to
come up with better ideas than us and
better methods than us. All right, just
real quick on the members. One last
thing about that and then I'll go to uh
some of the suggestions that you guys
had. Um
so, uh we did a poll, right, of um
should we make the bonus episode free
and public for everyone? And 73% said
yes. Uh 19% said not sure yet, but I'm
open to the idea. And 8% said no. I I
like the traditional bonus episode
format and I don't blame you. A lot of
people do love it and I appreciate that.
And in fact, one of you guys wrote in
and convinced me. Who was it?
Oh, it was patience. A couple of you
wrote in uh uh but patience uh
made a really good point. She said,
"Hey, you know, you guys sometimes talk
about the old days when the bonus
episodes were more personal stories and
whenever you do that on either a bonus
episode or an old school, you know, I
really love that." and a lot of our
members do. You know what? Okay, so we
came up with an idea. Look at how
interactive this is. Your idea turns
into this. At the end of all of these
episodes, I'm going to do a story of the
day that is just for our members. So
that doesn't have to do with Operation
Hope. It doesn't have to do with this
campaign. And by the way, like for
example, today we have an interview
coming up at 5:30. So I'll do it after
the interview. Okay? So whatever is the
end of the day, I'll do about 5 10
minutes on a story of the day. And
today's story of the day is uh and if
you're right-wing but brace for impact
remember we're on the left we're working
together but I'm on the left and most of
our viewers are on the left. So I'm
going to tell you how I changed my
behavior because of what ICE is doing
and and I noticed that I changed it. I
was like oh no. Uh so uh that story is
from when I was in Chicago. I'll tell
you about it uh at the very end of this
stuff. So, end of this and end of the
interview. Okay, you get it. So, now
let's uh let's go to some of your
suggestions. Okay. Um first of all, I
asked for um polls showing that the
American people think the politicians
are not honest, that they mainly
represent their donors. I we couldn't
quite find the one where they had that
great question, do you think the
politicians represent their donors or
their voters? And 93% said donors. But
there's many other polls and they're all
skyhigh numbers, right? So, for example,
Impeach for Peace wrote in yesterday
saying, "A Gallup poll asked, "How much
influence do you think each of the
following has on how members of Congress
vote on legislation? Among four groups,
major donors got far more a lot of
influence responses than people in their
district." 64% said donors have a lot of
influence versus only 14% for their
content. So, that's a much lower number
than one than that that I cited. But
even if you take that's the most uh
that's the lowest number I've seen. But
even then 64% say they represent their
donors. Only 14% say they represent
their constituents. How broken is this
democracy? Well, there's one more poll.
Eclectic found this one. I don't know if
this is what Jen is thinking of, but a
Pew study that says 80% of donors have
too much influence on elected
politicians. And 73% say lobbyists and
special interest groups have too much in
influence. Large majorities of
Republicans and Democrats alike say
campaign donors, lobbyists, and special
interest groups have too much influence.
So that one's at got it at 80%.
So, at a bare bare minimum, 80% of
Americans say donors have way too much
influence.
100% of mainstream media says no, they
don't. No, they're having real debates
and none of them are crooks that are
just taking money from the donors and
doing as they're told. No. And if you
say that, you'll be fired from
mainstream media. We need access. We
need access to the politicians. Here at
TYT, we don't need access. Politician
does the right thing. Roan on this drug
bill. Tom Massian opposing Israel's
genocide. Super happy to give them
credit. But if they do the wrong thing,
which is 95% of politicians,
we rhetorically verbally kick their ass.
Okay? Never physical, never violent. I'm
going to say that a 100 times. Always
peaceful. Okay? But we are going to
engage in democracy aggressively,
verbally, rhetorically, and politically.
Okay? So, by the way, guys, there you
go. I asked you to be our research
department. You're our research
department. I asked for polls, you give
me polls. I love it. I love it. That's
how we work together.
Okay. And others volunteer different
things and I appreciate all you guys.
Uh, all right. So, questions. Just read
a book said, "Do we email Pokean daily?"
Yeah, that's a good question. Um, look,
I don't want to get to the point where
it looks like we're harassing them
there. Could there be a time for that
later?
Not physically, but verbally,
politically could. But this is
definitely not the time. We're being
polite here. So, let's
whatever you think is a cadence that
makes sense to you, right? So, if you
were a representative and someone
emailed you every five minutes, you'd be
annoyed. You'd be like, "All right,
dude. I got it. Hold on. I didn't even
get a chance to respond yet." But if
it's an important thing and it's
something that I'm likely to agree on
and they remind me once a day, man, that
might make sense. We're figuring this
out on our own, right? and you guys tell
me, "Hey, if they wind up having a good
reaction, great." And then I got to come
back out here and go, "Stop, stop,
stop." They already said yes. Right. So,
but until you hear that, yeah, as
politely as you can, remind them uh
daily makes sense. Um so, and and it's
better than emailing just once as Car is
pointing out. Um
yeah. So, all right, good question. Uh
looking for hope says, "I sent mine. I
love this method. TYT is amazing. This
is where my hope is. Strengthen numbers,
guys. Well, thank you. Appreciate that.
Um,
Don Dada Drang says, "Jen, could could
you please clarify for me? You said HR
3493 is the bill, but I also saw another
bill by Senator Kana, HR 3546,
Prescription Drug Price Relief Act. Did
I accidentally reference the wrong
bill?" No, you got the right bill. Ro
Kana is prolific. So he has so many
bills like other congressmen are like oh
I introduced a bill in 2008
so hm and I do constituent services
right is like I introduced 12 bills
today and eight the day before and 12
the day before right so uh that is in
fact a different bill and also a good
bill but why are we focusing on the one
that uh lowers drug prices in the way
that I described because that's Trump's
executive order so So, the Republicans
have no reason to object. We're trying
to find things we agree on. Right. By
the way, if Republicans and independents
saw Kana's other bill on drug prices,
they might love that one, too. But
that's for another day. Okay. But look
at you doing the research. I love that
you're looking it up already and and
seeing uh other things uh that are up
there. So, um great. Um
All right. Um,
so, oh, interesting. And guys, I'm going
to have to read a lot of these blind and
then I want to come to some of the ones
that you sent in yesterday. But let me
do this one from Twitch. Salty Almond
9286 said, "Former congressional aid
here. Congressman will only be
influenced by their constituents. It
also doesn't matter how you contact
them. You'll be a tally for or against.
It's nothing personal. It's just that a
congressional office gets hundreds of
thousands of comments requests a year
and has a staff under 20 people. You
only count count on one issue once.
Also, signing a petition does jack
because we don't know if people are real
or in the district. Okay. So, that might
sound like, oh, wait, that sounds
pessimistic or depressing. No, no, no.
This person is trying to help us be more
effective. So, now look, I think I get a
couple things out of that and salty
almond if I've got it wrong. Right back
in. Okay. But my sense of it is what
they're saying is if you're in the
district, great, awesome, wonderful.
That's going to count a lot, right? I
would argue call in and write in even if
you're not in the district because it
gives them some sense like there's
basically they just said they're telling
yeses and nos. So all of a sudden a ton
of yeses show up. It's at least going to
grab their attention. right now. On the
other hand, it seems like they're saying
don't do it every day cuz once you call
in and you're one person, they've
already counted you. So, and and
fair fair and they worked in a
congressional office. Uh but but I think
that telling of the yeses and the nos
are is the biggest takeaway. So, let's
pile up a whole bunch of yeses and see
if if because especially in the case of
Mark Bokehan because I think he's likely
to agree it just probably hasn't caught
his attention. So, let's see if we can
catch his attention and and and get him
to say yes. Um, oh, here look, see, I
knew it. Now we're getting somewhere.
Uh, Ford Count 420 writes in, "Mark
Pokean appears weekly on Tom Hartman's
show and they take calls on the air, so
that would be a good way to contact him.
So, look,
Tom Hartman and I used to be really good
friends and allies. He's a smart guy.
He's a good progressive. Uh, during this
election cycle, a little bit of a
falling out uh because Tom was
disastrously wrong about something.
That's my interpretation. So, ah, who
cares? The past is the past. Okay. So,
if it's on uh Hey, can you tell us which
day uh Mark Pokean's on Tom's show? Cuz
then I'll have you guys go watch Tom's
show and call in and ask Mark Pokean if
he can do this if he hasn't said yes by
then. And and going to repeat it for a
billion times. And we're going to ask
him as friends, not enemies, right? Um
and so and he's never said no. That's
super clear. He just hasn't had a chance
to to uh voice opinion on that. So, if
we don't reach them through social media
or emails, we'll call him on Tom
Harman's show. Perfect. Beautiful. Okay,
guys. When it works, you're going to
love it and you're going to feel really
good about it. All right, let's see what
happens. Uh KG writes in on YouTube.
Love this idea. TYT, his office met with
me in DC about mental health for
students. See, that's what I'm telling
you. He's a good guy. He's the most
likely to listen. It's I didn't pick him
by accident. Okay. Um, KG also wrote,
"It's all about the staffers. Reach out
to the staffers and get to know them.
They're the ones that bring ideas back
to the legislators." Another good point,
KG. So, when you're on, if you get them
on the phone, be polite and say, "Hey,
we're on your side and we believe in
Representative Pokeen and we think that
he's likely to sign on this. We just
wanted to let you know." And if you get
into a little bit of a conversation with
the staffer, that's friendly. That's a
good thing. that makes them more likely
to support you, more likely to bring it
to the representative. So, we're we're
starting to build those muscles for how
to reach our legislators and for how to
do democracy. Okay. Um Sid wrote in
yesterday, I love this idea, Jen. Get
users to upload an infinite scroll with
search. I want to help with the design.
Oh, that's about the kids in Gaza. And a
lot of people wrote in about that. All
right, let's try something on that, too.
So,
and maybe Oh. Another person wrote in,
"Maybe we could use AI for this." Guys,
I wish I could do this more efficiently,
give you all the credit you deserve for
whoever comes up with the ideas, but so
many of you wrote in yesterday. I'm just
trying to synthesize it, right? Um, but
can someone out there find a list of the
names of folks who have died in Gaza and
send it into us? So, at least that's a
starting point. And if and can any of
you out there find a list of children in
specific who have died in Gaza with
their names? And so that's point one.
And oh, you could always email us if you
found something at hope.com.
That's hopety.com.
Okay, very simple email address for you
to send in that information. Then I came
up with an idea based on what you guys
sent in as I said and I thought hey you
know we already know one name right and
that's Hen Rajab and so so she's of
course a six-year-old kill girl uh who
was killed by the IDF um and and they
killed the ambulance drivers that came
to rescue her etc. There's a great movie
about it from watermelon pictures. Got
like a 20 minute standing ovation in the
camp film festival. It's heartbreaking
to see what happened to her. But so we
got this website, kidsofgaza.com.
Do I know how we're going to take your
stuff and put it on there? No, I don't.
Are we going to figure it out together?
Yes. Right. So we Somebody has her
picture. Send it in. And if a lot of you
send in her picture, that's okay. Could
we find her picture on our own? Yeah.
But participate, right? But here, okay,
so that's the easy one. Slightly harder
one, although it's out there in a lot of
places, is her bio. Just like I don't
know, two, three, four paragraphs about
who she was and what happened to her.
Okay? And
and then, you know, at the end, you
know, we tell folks, and I'm not quite
sure how we're going to do this, and
we'll do it in social media. I don't
know if we'll do it on the website, but
uh you know, whether they've passed away
or they're still alive. And in her case,
we obviously know that she's passed
away, right? But she could be the first
person we put up on kids of Gaza.com.
And then maybe we could take that and
put it up as a social media post on TYT.
Or if some of you turn it into a social
media post of your own, maybe we just
amplify your social media post, right?
And remember guys, we can't do every
idea and we can't amplify every social
media post, but we can do some. And so
if you've got a great one,
great, wonderful. Let's all push that
one out. Let's like it, share it, etc.
So I'm cur like maybe by tomorrow we'll
already have it up on the website or
somebody will already have put it up on
social media or we'll have put it up on
social media and we'll try our first one
and see what the reaction is. And then
by the way after that, you know, if we
do it tomorrow, then on Monday I'll tell
you how it went. And that's by the way
another interesting mystery. So, are
they are the posts going to get 13 likes
and not be a big deal and it didn't work
or whoa,
200,000 people uh saw that post, 2,000
people shared it, etc. I don't know.
We'll find out. Um, okay. So, I like
that we're building on these ideas. Um,
Eddie Jameson made a point about
primaries and how he's gung-ho on
pushing for that because we were talking
about primaries yesterday. Dominic uh
the 7th maybe uh saying he's starting an
indep independent party in upstate New
York uh because he can't stand the
Democrats and the Republicans and they
never do anything for us. Uh look
brother, give it give it a go. Uh I want
everybody participating in democracy. Um
okay. Oh, Ford Country 420 wrote back in
Pokeen is on Tom Hartman's show on
Wednesdays. So watch or listen to Tom
Hartman's show on Wednesday if we
haven't already gotten Mark Pokean to
say yes and call in and politely ask him
to sign on to HR 3493
Global Fairness in Drug Prices Act.
Global Fairness and Drug Prices Act.
Okay. Um
Sutton says TYT needs a hashtag to
amplify members posts. There there it
is. Um, yeah, you know, hashtags don't
work as well as they used to, but but
they still work in some instances. So,
that's a good point.
You guys suggest hashtags both for the
drug prices one and for the um kids of
Gaza one. Okay. And and we'll pick one
and we'll use it in social media. Um
Jack Callahan sent I sent that in
regarding Gaza children. All right.
Thank you, Jack. Nice job. Oh, I did see
your name on the list. That's right. Um,
oh, good point. Church Delanosa says,
"Jank, maybe uh Palestine Children
Relief Fund people can help you get
those names." So, that's a good point.
Plus, I know the guys that care, right?
That's the Council on American Islamic
Relations and maybe they could reach out
to their uh followers because a lot of
them have family in Gaza. So, all right.
Now, you're m that's good. That's what
we want you. So, both Cara and I will um
Oh, Cara is saying it's better for
people to tag us. I hear you. May we'll
try both. We'll try both and see what
happens. Anyway, Cara is our community
director. Car Smith. She ran a race in
Nilo, Nebraska, nearly won nearly Don
Bacon and she's an amazing community
director. So, Cara and I will chase down
those ideas. So, uh Palestine Children
Relief Fund and CARE to see if they can
help with this project.
I mean, Jesus, we could do this all day.
You guys are coming up with terrific
ideas and and trying to make and getting
this to work. And here we go. All right,
these are done. I've only got like
90 seconds left. Um
Oh, Corey. Jonathan. Um is it Jonathan
or Cy? No, Corey suggested that we do
crowdfunding. Hold on, hold on. We're
not going to do any funding until we
know what we're funding, right? So maybe
that comes way later. uh and but it has
to be a good reason but I don't want to
ask anybody for money. I just want
effort. I I want to do this through uh
democracy and and you know
sweat and tears but not the first one.
Um so
uh others suggested so many good ideas.
All right, I'm going to run out of time
today. All right, we'll synthesize more
tomorrow. We'll get your ideas from
today. Um,
all right, last one here. Uh, over 9,000
wrote, "Can we start drafting a bill
that will call for an American
equivalent of the vote of no confidence
that parliament has? We need a way to
hold elected officials accountable
without just sitting around waiting for
the next vote." So, no, unfortunately,
there is no such process in the American
system. But, uh, voting all of the
incumbents out in primaries, that's a
vote of no confidence if you're an
incumbent. So last thing then, the
example of Apac and the Israeli lobby.
We have a a pledge uh on on our website
tt.com/no
more that if your representative has
taken money from a foreign government or
allies of a foreign government like the
is the PS that support Israel and
America, you pledge to never vote for
them again. And you don't have to vote
for the other party. That's why
primaries are awesome. you go vote in
your primary, whether you're Democrat or
Republican, and just vote against that
incumbent who took Israeli money,
because you're supposed to represent us,
not a foreign government. All right,
we're on the board. This is our second
day. Bunch of great ideas. We're going
to try to execute a couple of these.
We're going to try the kids of Gaza.
We'll start with Hinri. We'll try Mark
Pokean. See if we can get a win on the
board. For all of you who are
participating, I love you for
participating. And uh tomorrow, I'll
give you updates on it. Every time you
ring the bell below, an angel gets his
wings.