Well, you know, it's really just about
conviction. In the end, conviction is
the key to wealth. You will find in
retrospect, all you really had to do was
just believe in yourself and that was
it. You know, through most of my life, I
didn't really believe in myself. But
only later on in retrospect did I take a
look and realize I should have believed
in myself this whole entire time because
I was on the right path all along. How
did everybody do on the craziness with
the crypto crash? Did anybody get
liquidated? Raise your hand.
I'm raising my hand if you got yourself
liquidated on 7x leverage on Bitcoin.
And coincidentally, just before the
crash, I even had tweeted out something
very um telling which was that 10x per
is not Bitcoin. A lot of people think
they have Bitcoin. They go on 10x pers.
I said they didn't have it. They did
not. It just came all the way down to
strike every liquidation. It went to
like 100 and they immediately shot back
up and I lost my position. I lost the
bitcoins. I didn't have it and many
people don't have it. Well, here's a
funny thing because pers are zero sum.
For everybody who lost money, someone
made money. Every loss is paired with a
gain. So, somebody out there made a ton
of money. And in addition, the
exchanges, the market makers, these
exchanges are making millions of
dollars. Like you saw how Hyperlid made
$40 million in like 2 hours. Where did
that money come from? That's your money.
That is you being extracted. If you play
in the casino, you're going to be
extracted. I think that should be one
key takeaway. What is my Bitcoin price
prediction? My price prediction for
Bitcoin is it is still on track 200K
year end. Am I stressed? Uh no. Um, I
think the Bitcoiners are are doing just
fine. It's really the crypto bros, all
of those DGEN gamblers who are having
issues really. A lot of people confuse
Bitcoin for crypto, right? They think
it's the same thing. Sure, it's a
digital asset. That's where the
similarities end. Bitcoin is not crypto
at all. Most crypto is fake volume, fake
liquidity, totally scam coins. A lot of
it is market makers. But we can check in
the past month. Okay. Bitcoin is down
half a percent. Maybe if you're in spot
Bitcoin, you're good. You're set back
maybe a month, assuming you didn't get
yourself liquidated, which some of us
have. Okay, but let's take a look at
like Ethereum is down 13%, Ripple 18%, a
lot of these are down 20 to to 40%. And
some of these will not be recovered in
my opinion. Let me show you a tweet that
was going around actually. People are
saying, "Okay, Adam went from $4 to 1
cent. Suie went from $34 to 50 cents.
Aptos went down, chain link, Cardano, a
lot of these altcoins basically were
proving that they had no liquidity after
say 5 to 10% of the order book, right?
There's enough liquidity for a tiny
range surrounding the current price that
is known as concentrated liquidity. So,
you need to understand this. Ever since
unis swap v3, all of the decentralized
exchanges adopted this. It's called
concentrated liquidity. So we no longer
have a smooth liquidity range from zero
to infinity. And that's why these can
move and drop so fast. And people are
saying Wintermute, they work with
Binance. They manage hundreds of
millions of dollars. Basically, they're
the market makers. What they don't
actually say out loud is they're pretty
much the market for many outs because
there's very little actual retail
demand. And so when the market got
liquidated and market making stopped,
many of the outs just dropped. And
you'll notice this if you go on any
centralized exchange or decentralized
and you start looking at some of these
altcoins, it looks like there's a lot of
volume. They're flashing prices here and
there, but when you put in your order,
you'll see that the buy or sell is just
out of range and the spread is pretty
high. And then you creep your price up a
little bit more, the price moves with
it. It's like you're the only buyer or
seller. It looks like there's a lot of
orders, but as you're trying to make
your trades, there's just a massive
spread. And no matter how much you move
your price, it's just not being bought
or sold there. And I think that's
because a lot of that liquidity is
faked. You really think there's tons of
people trading some of these random
coins? No, there's not. So really, when
these tokens launch, they go to a market
maker like Wintermute and they say,
"Hey, we need you to create a market
because our token is illquid." And so
then they'll give Wintermute a whole
stash of their tokens and Wintermute
will start creating a market for it. And
when you have concentrated liquidity,
here's my suspicion. A market maker like
Wintermute likes it when a token is
trading at higher prices because higher
prices mean higher fees. So, they're
going to pump the market cap up. So,
they'll say, "Okay, this thing will give
it a $30 billion market cap or whatever
and we'll have some liquidity for you
there. You'll buy and sell it there."
And a lot of people will just play at
that price because these are tokens.
There's no concept of what the price
should be. If I tell you the price is
50, you just say, "Okay, I guess it's
50." But as soon as the market makers
have an issue, it can just drop to zero.
Man, I'm unemployed and worried about my
future. I just read your tweet about 10
million plus. How do I reach it? So, I
just tweeted this one. Actually, it was
a pretty funny one. I thought it was
good. Funny how 1 million is basically
nothing. Yet, most people will never
even achieve that in a lifetime, which
is true. A million is still a lot
because it takes a long time to work to
achieve that. Imagine paying say 40% to
taxes. Let's say you have 100k income.
You're making 60k a year. You might be
able to save like half of that if you're
good. 30k it'll take you straight up 30
years just to collect like 900k.
It's it's it's 30 years of hard grind
for an average person. Say you barely
even break a million. And for a lot of
people though, a million is not even a
lot anymore.
Isn't it like actually I think 25% of
Americans have a million dollars.
Everybody who has a house has a million
dollars. Basically, even $10 million is
pretty middle class. It's just funny
because nobody even really cares. It's
not enough to get respect. It's not
enough for anybody to really listen to
you or pay attention or care. It'll get
you like a suburban life and some
coupons. But really, the main reason I
wanted to point this out was a lot of
people get satisfied and overcontent
when they have their job and they think
that they're good, right? They're like,
"Okay, I got my nice office cubicle job
and I'm good. I'm just going to grind my
job and I'm going to sit back, relax,
watch Netflix, and chill on the evenings
and weekends. I've got it made." No, you
don't. You don't have anything made. You
can't just relax there. You still need
to go and buy the bitcoins. You can't
just S&P 500 and chill. Really, it's the
idea that basically a lot of people are
looking at $1 million as the target.
Hey, wake up. You're not going to be
able to stop there. I mean, it's just
not what it used to be. And maybe you
should think about how do I get to not
just 1 million. How do I get to 10? What
would it take to get there? Well, now
you're thinking bigger. Now you're
thinking in terms of assets because
really only investing and assets can get
you above the seven figure mark.
basically work. A bunch of hard work
gets you to the first million. And
arguably the first million is the
hardest because it requires the most
work. The people who get further than
that, it's all just assets, investing,
compounding, because a single person's
work can only take you so far. And
especially with the depreciating fiat,
you just can't outwork inflation. It's
like every year you're working, you get
less and less. You're racing against
that inflation. There's no more social
economic mobility anymore. So true
wealth cannot be earned. You cannot work
for it. You have to marry it, inherit it
or steal it. That is real wealth. And
Bitcoin is very similar because when you
think about Bitcoin, how much social
economic mobility is there in Bitcoin? I
think Bitcoin is getting more and more
difficult as the price is is already at
like 115K. If it gets to say 200k by
year end, imagine trying to stack sats
at 200k per bitcoin. Like if you even
want one bitcoin, it's going to be
unaffordable. They just can't get it.
And even people who have bitcoin today
now, even if the bitcoin price goes up,
it doesn't mean they have more. If you
have one bitcoin, that's all you're ever
going to have. That's probably the
maximum amount you'll have for the rest
of your life. And it only goes down.
Even if the price goes up, you still
just have one. How do you make that into
like 1.5
or two? It's very difficult to work for
it. Like leverage is maybe the only way
to do it. Leverage may be the only way
to do it. You leverage down 2 to one and
then when the price goes up, you have
more. That's one way to actually
increase it. And that may be one of the
only ways to do it. But if you're trying
to work your way for it, you know, the
idea of work has always just been
something taught to you by by your
school, your whole entire upbringing,
your education, your teachers, your
professors, your boss, everybody told
you to just be a diligent worker. And
that is all entirely false. Your whole
entire programming and the way you view
success and hard work as anything to be
proud of is wrong. It's not about hard
work. What it's really about is
targeted, specific, dramatic action when
there's opportunity. And most money is
made in very short periods of time. It's
not like you're just grinding away
pretending to appear busy years and
years and years. Most of the time, you
can probably just chill and relax and
then when there's an opportunity, uh,
you have to take action. My thesis is
that we go straight back up to 125K and
then higher and most people will be left
behind. And there will be many stories
beginning with I almost I knew it if I
only bought. Well, don't be one of those
stories. It's a subtle line, a very fine
line between almost and did. And you
want to be one of the few who did
actually do it. You like I know many
people who will say, "Oh, I had the
idea. Hey, I could have been Mark
Zuckerberg. You know, I thought about
something like a social network for
college kids, too. Hey, we should do
this. We should do that idea. Yeah, we
should do it. All right. Well, back to
work. Going back to my cubicle grind.
But that's a great idea. Somebody should
do that idea. I hear this all the time.
Go do it. Why don't you go do it? And
this goes back to my idea that if in the
past 30 years you missed the 10 best
trading days, or was it the 30 best
trading days, then you cut your wealth
down by half profits. So most of the
time actually the way Bitcoin is going
to move is you're going to be sitting
around waiting a lot. Most of the time
Bitcoin is just kind of going sideways
pretty volatile and then every now and
then it just step functions changes up
steps up once in the blue moon and
you'll say oh I missed that step up let
me get back into my position. You get
back into your position you're waiting
and it just hovers sideways again for a
while. You get complacent. You go off,
trade some alcoins, and then step
functions up again, and you miss it
again. And for each day you miss, that's
a massive move that you're missing. What
level of wealth is making if 10 million
is not enough? Well, look, I'll put it
this way, okay? Men don't spend money.
Men don't need money. It's the women who
spend money, who want the money, and who
will measure your value by it. So, it's
all status game. Life is status game,
and it always has been status game. You
know, I agree with you that you don't
actually need money. I don't spend money
because really compared to the past, all
of us are living like kings already.
Even compared to 50 years ago, the
poorest person today, their lifestyle
beats that of anybody from like 50 years
ago. So, we're all basically rich, we've
been rich for a long time, and the money
is not really necessary. So, I agree
that nobody needs the money. But if you
think that you can just sit this game
out and ignore the status game, you may
be sorely mistaken because maybe all
life really is in the end is status
game. You wanted to do enter this world
and see what you can make of yourself
and see how high you can climb on that
status ladder. I don't think people came
into this world and said they just want
to be comfortable because you were
already comfortable when you entered the
workforce, right? You were probably
living with your parents in a pretty
comfy house and you weren't seeking more
comfort. If all you want is comfort,
it's already there. Just go move back
home with your parents. And that's not
too bad of a thing if that's what you
want to do. I mean, the whole chase for
money is kind of it's pointless. But if
you're going to play the game, you might
as well play it well. Real estate, if
you think about it, like here's the
dynamics of real estate, right? Property
tax is 1%. Maintenance is 1%. And they
may increase that. Okay. And in fact,
uh, maintenance may even go up a lot.
Costs are skyrocketing for labor,
tariffs, contractors who are just
demanding way more money nowadays,
right? Contractor rates are just
skyrocketing. Let's say 3% a year, after
30 years, you're down 90% on your real
estate investment. You're wiped out. So,
in 30 years, your real estate goes to
basically zero. It's cost you
everything. And meanwhile, at the same
time, they're still charging you massive
amounts of taxes and maintenance. And at
some point, you're illquid and you just
have to sell. So, you lose the property
in the end, too. Thoughts on
accumulating Bitcoin exposure via IBIT?
Yeah, I think IBIT is pretty good. Some
people say ARC B is good. ARCB has lower
expense ratios. You buy IBIT on say
Robin Hood, you can double down on
leverage. Look, you're not going to get
liquidated on Bitcoin per like 2x
leverage is is probably fine. Okay, I
have not learned my lesson here. Did I
lose money on Aster? So, let me tell you
what happened for me with Aster. Okay, I
did get liquidated on my 7x Bitcoin
position and the wick was just pretty
nasty. Look, here's how the market
makers work. They see your liquidation
levels and the market makers run a
little calculation and they're like,
"Oh, yeah. We just need to borrow flash
loan, you know, $100 million, liquidate
this guy, and then pump it back up and
we'll collect our liquidation fee." All
right, cool. Do it. And that's what's
causing all the volatility because all
of the positions are open. Everybody
sees the positions. Binance probably
just sends the positions over to
Wintermute. Everyone can see how to
liquidate you. Bitcoin went down to like
100K, nuked everybody, and then it went
straight back up and everybody lost
their bitcoins and were forced to sell
at the bottom. I was forced to sell at
like 104K and it went straight back up
to like 113 after that. And then the
other thing that happened was I was auto
deleveraged on Aster. So I mentioned
earlier that I was arbiting the funding
rate. So you short Aster on Hyperliquid
and then you buy Aster spot and Aster
has a pretty decent funding rate and
then what happened was Hyperlid decided
to auto delever my short. I you know I
made a profit on the short because
everything was going down but I should
have been making way more profit right
so what happens is everybody got mad at
the ADL auto deleveraging because the
way it works is anytime you're about to
make money anytime the market is
swinging volatile in your direction you
get deleveraged. So no matter what if
the market's crashing and you're short
you get deleveraged. They just cut your
profits early. If the market is shooting
up, they're going to also auto delever
you. They'll just say, "You know what?
There's not enough liquidity. We know
you're long. We'll just cut your profits
right here." And the only way to win
this game is to just not play. Well,
I'll tell you one thing. Arguably, the
smartest thing is to just get off of X.
You know, I think it's obvious no one on
X really knows anything. They don't know
what they're talking about. Nobody
really called this. And everybody is out
here for max extraction. If you're on
crypto Twitter, you are exit retail
liquidity because people go to X to
show. They have an agenda. Everyone's
pushing something. Everyone's trying to
get you to do something. If you are on
PERS, you will be liquidated. Guaranteed
every position you have will be hunted.
If you hold out coins, you're buying
fake volume, fake liquidity created by
market makers because without market
makers, else would have zero retail
demand. And maybe what you should do is
you just go in there, get the bitcoins,
and leave and don't touch anything else.
Like I never told you to buy crypto.
Okay, that was your call. I just told
people get into Bitcoin, right? Like the
Bitcoiners are telling you just go get
the Bitcoin and be on your way. It's
like you're going to go into a candy
store full of poison and we're saying
just go get the one thing that we asked
you to get the Bitcoin and then leave.
But you got to go there and you get
distracted with all of this other stuff.
Picking up some random outs, all of
these things. That's all on you, right?
The pros, the smart people never told
you to do that. That was your own
decision that you made by yourself when
you got yourself distracted. I never
said to go get any of these altcoins. If
you listened carefully, the only thing I
told you to do was go get the Bitcoin.
And if you go there and you're starting
to listen to all these other people and
get all this other random stuff, you
might get yourself hosed. And if you
notice during the market crash, I
noticed the funding rate cuz I was
arbiting the funding rate. The funding
rate shot up to like 3,000%. Well, if
you were long, you were wiped out. If
you were short, your funding rate just
skyrocketed and then the funding rate
would eat you away. Let's hear some
predictions on the market. What do you
guys think is going to happen with the
markets? I'll give you my take. I think
people are revenge trading. I'm not sure
if it's going to end particularly well
because everybody's saying, "Okay, let's
just get back into all these alts. Let's
get back into all of our positions." I
don't think it's necessarily true that
these alts are going to go back up. I
told you the way I think Bitcoin moves
is basically only Bitcoin is allowed to
go up. The way it goes is all the coins
move up together, right? Like Bitcoin
goes up, everybody else tries to tell
it. They struggle along, try to move up
with it. Now, all of these other coins,
they can't just tag along with Bitcoin.
It's not like Dogecoin gets to just go
up 10% while Bitcoin goes up 5%. What's
going to happen is Bitcoin is going to
just at some point it's going to drop a
bit and then everything else is going to
nuke down and then the cycle repeats and
the liquidity basically flows into
Bitcoin to create a floor. In my view,
Bitcoin is the only real solid
liquidity. And I think the crash that we
saw created more Bitcoin maximalists
because everybody seeing all these coins
just going down 30%. And they're like,
"Yeah, this is trash. All of these
alcoins are scams. It's trash. It's fake
liquidity. None of it's real." And then
they see Bitcoin actually is basically
unmoved. I mean, that's the only real
thing here. And in the end, you have to
also recognize that this has been the
smoothest, bestr run crash in a while.
All of the liquidations happened nice
and smoothly. There was almost no bad
debt. There were no glitches or hacks. I
think mostly people got the trades they
wanted. Hyperlid is fine. Astra was
fine. Solana was working fine. The daxes
were working fine. And in that
perspective, it is making DeFi and
blockchain infrastructure more solid and
stronger battle tested than it was
before. And when people look at this,
they're not looking at it like in the
future, they'll look at it and say,
"This thing works." But that doesn't
mean necessarily that crypto Twitter is
going to make much money off of this.
Thoughts on movement of tech stocks? Is
your thesis about techine and
delobization the same? Well, you know, I
I would just say like the bubble crash
that we saw happen with crypto may very
well happen with tech at some point. It
would not surprise me at all because
we're seeing a deleveraging of all of
the excess funds in crypto. And that can
happen easily with the AI bubble as
well. It's just getting very loopy with
what Open AI and Nvidia and all of these
companies are just circling their funds
back and forth between each other
recolateralizing their funds with the
tariffs with the rare earth controls by
China. You know, the world is not global
anymore. So tech is dominant in an era
of globalization. When you can geo
arbitrage labor through H-1Bs, when you
can geo arbitrage supplies, resources,
and then ship your one little website,
your Facebook app to everybody in the
world. If you can make a tech product
like a open AI chip, and just ship it to
everybody, then maybe that would be
profitable, but that's not the case
anymore. So, there was this news, okay,
China is tightening their export
controls on rare earth metals. In
addition, they are cracking down on
Nvidia AI chips. It's just hilarious
because before the US was saying, "We're
not going to ship you our Nvidia chips."
And Nvidia was saying, "Look, we need to
ship some chips to China because we can
increase our profits by like 40%. If we
do that, please let us do it. We'll
create a weaker version of the chip and
we're going to put a back door in it and
make it slow." And Trump was like,
"Okay, sure." Now, China's saying they
don't want it. They're good. They got
their own chips. So, how's Nvidia going
to make that money now? Well, they're
not. But I would say these tech
companies are just ridiculous.
These are ridiculous.
This is figure 03. It's so ridiculous.
When they're using Hollywood filming
techniques just to hype you up about
this, it's not going to this isn't going
to happen. They even have this thing
playing catch with your dog. Okay. So,
like not a single hardware product has
ever made money. Even the iPhone, most
of its profit today, I believe like at
least 30% of Apple's revenue today is
from the software sales of iCloud.
Hardware doesn't make money. Like the
Oculus VR lost money. Every virtual
reality product basically lost money,
went bankrupt. It's a pretty low margin
business. It's expensive. The US can't
even manufacture. And now we have
tariffs. Now, of course, it's very cool
to talk about it. Everybody loves their
gadgets, but that's not really how we
make money. The money was always made on
the software side. Software is basically
done now. I mean, it was really creating
the software, which was content, in
order to sell ads, right? Push a bunch
of content, you make some mobile game or
something, and then you sell ads. And
it's really just the advertising that
was the source of the revenue. The
advertisers paid. Now, if you have a
robot, well, you better plaster a bunch
of ads on the robot and scale it up so
that the robot has like millions of
views. And if you're not doing that,
well, I'm not convinced that it can make
money. Then, if you take a look at even
game consoles like PlayStation, Xbox,
those hardware consoles lose money,
right? They make it back on the game
sale. So, maybe you have to make a
robot, cost you money, and then you have
to sell a bunch of subscriptions to
ChatGpt or something like that to make
your money back on that. So, I'm not
really bullish on any of this AI robot
stuff. And yes, Chinese cheap robots
could win. That's right. Like, you have
to remember that whatever solution the
US comes up with in terms of robots and
AI, China will be an order of magnitude
cheaper. Like, do you know BYD cars in
China versus Tesla? The US has to put
like a 70% or 100% tariff on the BYD
cars just to protect the US car
manufacturers like Tesla. If we didn't
have that tariff in place, Tesla would
be done. You could buy an equivalent
electric car from China for like $10,000
and it would be better than your Tesla.
Same with any robot, dog, walking robot,
human, whatever. Like, I don't think the
US is going to be able to compete. Not
now. It may take us another 30 years to
retrain and reskill up a labor workforce
that's willing to work hard and have the
actual knowledge to actually compete on
this front and get all of our
manufacturing in. And it's not even
that. Our workers are entitled to
lawsuits for danger. So if they
accidentally sever a limb, they break a
limb while working on a robot. Well, our
US factories have to pay the employee
like millions of dollars. If you're in
say China or whatever and you get
injured, you're probably not going to
get a million-dollar payday out of that.
It's just the entitlement and the
litigation nation that makes a lot of
labor very difficult to do in the US
because of the liability. The whole
liability legal structure I think makes
it difficult to work in the US. Tesla
trading at well, you need to look at the
uh PE ratio. It's 170. The way you
translate that is it takes 170 years to
break even on your Tesla stock and then
you're going to start making a profit
after 170 years. But these fundamentals
arguably don't matter so much. Like
look, if they want to run it up, I'm all
for it. Overall, I think that what Elon
Musk is doing, it's great still. You
know, it's better than building some
Facebook app product. It's better than
making Instagram or whatever. So, if
they want to work on something that
betters humanity, like the Neurolink
stuff that can really help people see
and hear and walk again, I'm all for it.
Sure, go for it. Best of luck to that.
But will I invest in these robots and
cars? Maybe I would have before the
tariffs, before the China problem. The
problem is that we made China a problem.
And I think what China has always asked
for and what they want is to just go
back to normal global trade. They just
want to make money. They want to do
business with the US. They want to do
business with the world. And they don't
want to be antagonized. In my view,
they've shown a lot of restraint in not
retaliating further. They're trying to
deescalate every step of the way here.
You know, they put out this statement,
you guys probably saw it, where they're
just saying, "Yeah, we're just always
taking a reasoned, principled approach
for export controls. We're trying to
safeguard national security. We're going
to sell you the stuff, the rare earths,
just not on the military level. If
you're doing it for consumer usages,
it's fine. It's just overall a necessary
act of passive defense. That's what
they're going for. Chinese people are
good at copying. They are not good at
creativity.
Um, who even cares? Just do it. Do the
work. Make it better. Whatever. This
virtue signaling, right? This moral
superiority. You don't get paid for
virtue. Who even cares? So what? Just
get it to work. I don't care if it's
creativity or just copying or whatever.
I want my walking talking dog for
$1,000, not 30. Look, here's what
happened. Trump came and said, "We're
going to increase the tariffs." Now,
he's plain. He always does this, right?
He wants maximum negotiation leverage.
So, he says, "We're going to do a
massive tariff increase on November
1st." Now, November 1st just happens to
be after their talks. They're scheduled
to have their talk in Korea at the end
of the month, like October 30th. So,
he's still going to meet them. This is
pure negotiation leverage play.
>> Have you canled your meeting with
President Xi and
>> No, I haven't.
>> So, but I don't know that we're gonna
have it, but I'm going to be there
regardless. So, I would assume we might
have it. But
>> art of the deal. Then China basically
had to issue a deescalatory statement
under export controls and Trump tweeted,
"Don't worry about China. It will all be
fine. Nobody wants a depression. And
based on this, do we just go back up?"
Well, if the whole news was a non-event,
I think Bitcoin should be back at 125K.
It's a big misunderstanding. I think it
goes back up. I think if you're using
logic, use your brain to think. Don't
just use your emotion. You're under
fear, right? You're letting your fear
control you. And if you're actually
thinking, you'll be like, "Oh, no. It's
it's it's 125K. That's where we should
be at." Like, we just hit the all-time
high. You need to remember it was a
technical deleveraging. The fundamentals
are still in place, if not stronger than
ever before, because this is now battle
tested, even stronger. It's more robust
than ever. The blockchain infrastructure
and everything worked beautifully.
Actually, if anything, what you
discovered was out coins have terrible
liquidity. If you enter the casino,
you're going to lose your money. So,
just go in there, get the stuff you
need, and leave. Don't touch all the
other random jelly beans. Who am I
picking in tonight's game? Uh, I don't
care about sports. Imagine celebrating
somebody else's victory instead of your
own. Imagine having nothing to celebrate
for yourself, so you have to pretend to
root for somebody else. Rooting for
another man to win. Hey, look at that
guy. He's cool. Let's hope that cool guy
wins. This athletic jock. Let's hope he
wins. Oh, he won. Now I feel happy, too.
No, I I only celebrate my own wins.
Look,
you wanted the co dip. You wanted the
FTX dip. Well, here it is,
right? You wanted the dip. Here it is.
And every dip in Bitcoin history has
been worth buying. The way this is going
to work is everybody in Bitcoin will
make money. How? How is that possible?
Because they're going to pay you a
pittance to relieve you of your bitcoins
for helping to bring about the adoption
of a brand new asset class. And there's
massive capital. The world is full of
money. So if they have to pay you a few
thousand dollars for helping to bring
about a brand new digital asset class,
they'll give it to you. They'll just be
like, "Fine, take it." You know, the big
institutions are going to come in with
hundreds of billions of dollars and
they'll be like, "All right, this kid
wants like a million dollars for his
stash. Pay him. Just pay all these kids
and they'll take it from here." We're
talking about a global asset class that
the whole world wants. How many people
in the world want any tech product? How
many people in the world want open AI?
It's like half the world. You know,
China doesn't want Open AI. China
doesn't want your Nvidia chips. I mean,
there's choice, too. Why would a company
want Open AI when they can go get
DeepSeek for free? Well, Bitcoin is just
one. There's only one of this. There's
no clones of this. So, it is the one
singular asset that is just unique.
There's just one. All of these altcoins,
not a single one comes close, and this
is something the whole world wants. I
know people lost money, too. So, I'll
say this about losing money. And really,
the real game is health. At the end of
the day, the real game is health. And if
you still have your health, then you're
still good. So, you want to exercise,
eat well, get sunshine, and just know
most rich people would trade it all away
just to be young and healthy again. What
you want to be is a time billionaire,
not a money billionaire. If you have
time, if you have your youth, your
health, and then if you got your
relationships, then that's it. You're
already rich then. You have what money
could have bought. Then you want to
learn, create, and find your community.
We're going to wrap it up there, you
guys. I'm bullish Bitcoin and for the
altcoins, I wouldn't touch it. I
wouldn't play with those. You know, fool
me once, shame on me. Fool me twice,
shame on you. You got your warning on
those alcoins. Other than that, I hope
you enjoyed the episode.