You do not need a high income to hit
$100,000. You need one of these three
paths. And if you start from zero today,
you can still beat the person or the
kitten who started 5 years ago but is
doing it wrong. Because most people
think you need to earn six figures to
build wealth. That's Wall Street's
biggest lie.
>> You don't have A COUSIN PATTY.
>> YOU LIED TO ME.
I'm about to show you exactly how a gas
station clerk making $15 an hour
accumulated a $100,000.
And it didn't take him a lifetime. It
took him 4 and 12 years. and why the
third method I'll share with you today,
well, it's the same strategy that turns
your first $100,000 into $1 million.
>> Here's the plan. We get the warhead and
we hold the world ransom for
$1 million.
>> I'm Felix Pin. I used to be an
investment banker. I'm now retired and
the founder of the Goat Academy where
we've helped 20,000 regular investors
already. I'm also the co-founder of
tradevision.io where we make Wall
Street's data available to you. And you
know what was going on in my mind when I
was a banker? I was watching the wealthy
get wealthier while regular investors
well they got fed scraps. And that is
exactly why doing now what I'm doing as
my retirement plan because our mission
here is very simple. give you the same
tools, the same strategies that Wall
Street uses, but in playing it. Here is
what they don't want you to building
your first $100,000.
It's not about some complex trading
strategy.
Nope. It's not about crypto or some
other moonshot. Nope. It's about three
simple
systems that anyone can master. And if
you stick around until the end, I'll
show you how to spot the exact same
winning stocks that Wall Street finds
before they explode. In fact, let me do
one better for you on that one because
that will probably make this video an
hour long. I've actually recorded a
separate video on that. It's only 15
minutes long. I'll walk you through the
three steps, how to find better stocks,
winning stocks, the same three steps
Wall Street uses, and you can get access
to that at phoenix.org/getfree.
But let's start with our number one.
This is about maximizing your earnings
and money has to come in to the bucket
before it can grow. Every extra dollar
of income is rocket fuel for your wealth
building journey.
[Music]
>> Look at it go, Homer. This one's going
to go for miles.
>> And there are three paths. The first
gear is get a raise. like I don't know
how to get a raise. Look, there's a
statistic that'll blow your mind. Pay
scale data shows that 70% of people who
ask for a raise actually get one. Yeah,
most bosses are not very good
negotiators. And most raises are between
5 to 10%. And here is the math that
matters. Let's assume you're you're
really young. Okay, maybe you're a
little bit older than that. I know many
of you are, but let's just say you're 25
years old right now. and you're making a
pretty low starting salary, like
$36,000,
right? That's your salary. Just that.
Now, you're going to get an 8% bump
because you asked for one. Well, guess
what? That is $3,000
per year. Now, if you do this every
month, I mean, not every month, every 12
months. You want to know how to do it?
Well, let me show you how to do it. Now,
I was literally thinking about making an
actual app for this to give you the the
steps. Do you want me to do that? Let me
know if you want me to do that. We're
thinking about doing that. What you want
to do is you want to pull up your last 6
months
of achievements, results at work,
problem solve, money save for the
company, all that stuff. And maybe you
can't remember. Well, then start writing
it down at the end of every day in a
document that you shan lose. And by the
end of the quarter, you'll have
tremendous ammunition to go into that
meeting with some confidence. The more
precise, the more concrete, the more
examples, the better. and you could
literally share that document with your
boss in a couple of months. So, you want
to present your case like an investment.
You say, "Here's what I've delivered.
Here's the value I created." That's gear
number one. Get a raise.
>> The important thing is to raise. I think
that's really great.
>> I'll tell you what, I'm going to give
you 350. All right. Next week, I'll give
you 350. I'll give you a dollar more.
Well, wait. Shut up, will you?
>> Four. I'll make it an even four.
>> The gear number two is what what most
people mess up. They try to become world
class at one thing. Smart money says
combine two average skills until
employers see real rare value. So what
do you want to do? You want to get
another skill. It's much easier to to do
than you think. You know, maybe you are
in customer service. Well, guess what?
Customer service right now wants to be
automated, right? So why don't you learn
about the latest AI tools and become an
expert at implementing this? Now you're
a technical support specialist. Or maybe
you work in graphic design. Well, why
don't you add some data analytical
skills to that? Because now you become a
marketing analyst. Or maybe you are
writing copy for your company. Well, why
don't you learn about social media,
Instagram, and so on? Because now you
become a content marketing special. It's
actually going to bring in money.
There's a very simple rule that is a
proven rule. It is the 15inut rule. If
you spend 15 minutes a day right before
you go out or at night, I do it in the
morning. So, why are you? And you keep
doing that and you do that for 365
days. Guess what? You are now in the top
95%
people have that skill. That's all it
takes. So, how do you learn? Well, start
with the free resources, YouTube, you
know, courses and all that kind of stuff
out there. And that'll get you so far.
Then you're going to get to a level
where you want to get further. And you
might want a firefighter coach cuz
that'll accelerate your learn.
>> Damn. Vanilla latte got skills.
>> Yeah, you've got to put it on yourself.
>> Now, the third gear to this is what most
people don't want to do, but the smart
people do it smartly. It's the dreaded
side hustle. But Felix, I work so many
hours already. I haven't got time for
this. Well, hear me out. There are fun
things you can do. If you're like me and
you got a golden retriever lying around
somewhere, I think he's hiding with the
cats. You know, if you dog walk on the
weekend, you could make, I don't know,
40 bucks a walk. Depends a bit on where
you live. Might be really fun. Might be
really healthy for you. Just do two or
three of those on a weekend. You could
do other stuff, pressure washing and
that kind of stuff. You could flip items
from flea markets and sell them on
Facebook or sell your services on
platforms like Upwork where you tend to
get higher salaries. I hire a lot of
people upwork. We spend millions of
dollars on Upwork, by the way. who pay
some people $500 or more per hour on
work. And why am I making you do this?
Because this will generate more money
that goes into the bucket. And the
beautiful thing is what I've seen that
people who actually do this, this often
leads to the real freedom. The people
who do this often are able to quit and
still continue to bring in income while
looking after their investments and
their money. And now they have a
beautiful life. They got the income,
they got the investments, and they got
the time free. So this money here goes
where? It goes to your first $100,000
account. This Charlie Monger says, "The
first $100,000 is a [ __ ] After that,
it's much easier." God bless his soul.
>> Charlie,
>> it's done.
>> Slick, yo, brittle, [ __ ]
>> Now, the next step is the most important
section for most of you watching. Big
income is completely useless if it just
leaks through the holes drilled by
impulse buying and social pressures.
Because remember, you have your money
right now. You got some extra money and
both of it goes into this big beautiful
bucket which is filling up with money
till it hits that $100,000 mark. But
guess what? There is a little devil in
the detail and he's drilling little
holes in the bottom. And what are those
holes doing? Well, those holes are
leaking that money that you've just
earned and it's coming out down here and
it's being wasted. So, how do we fix
that? We do one simple thing. It takes 5
minutes. It is the fiveinut
money audit. All right, write this down.
I literally want you to grab your phone.
I want you to open your banking app. I
then want you to send me your login. I'm
kidding. Don't ever left, but don't post
those screenshots.
Literally, they murder people's freedom.
The first one are subscriptions. Have a
look in your iOS app or in your Google
app how many subscription services you
pay for from your phone that you don't
use. I'm going to give you a clue. Most
people have five that they don't use.
Bring zero long-term joy. Now, the
second one is what I call social
wastage.
Social wastage is stuff that you do
because it's driven by FOMO. You feel
you need to have that drink or the
cocktail or the dinner or whatever to
keep up the Jones. You feel you need to
buy I don't know what something a watch
or a latest iPhone model 2683
which is slightly different in terms of
color than the last one. So you look
like you owe someone with money. Let me
tell you a little secret. I've got a lot
of friends nowadays who are very
wealthy. I mean, decillionaires,
hundreds of millions of dollars,
billionaires, they have iPhones that are
like 5 years old or older because they
don't care.
Already proven to themselves what they
do. Now, this is one. If you don't go to
the gym and you have a gym membership,
it is not going to make you any fitter.
So, cancel the bloody thing and work out
at home.
>> All right. Name something you'd gladly
give to your spouse if you decided to
get divorced.
>> I'm going to go with debt.
>> SHOW ME DEBT.
LET me walk you through again a
lowinccome example why this happens. I
was worse. Here's a chap. We shall call
him Matt because he's called Matt. And
he takes home after taxes $33,000.
That's his basically income after tax
income.
Now the problem is that he spends
$29,000
just to live. That means he is saving
just 12%. And there's a lot of financial
gurus out there say put 10 to 15% into
investments and you're going to get your
freedom. No, you won't. Wage slavery for
life is the result. If you save 12%, you
are going to have a hard time. So, what
do we do? Well, two things. We cut some
of those subscriptions. You know what
his social waste was? Lunch. Spend
extraordinary amount of junk food every
lunchtime. So, what did he do? He packed
some lunch. He was really happy about
that. He made slightly larger dinners
and he took them with him. And that
alone saved him $4,000.
So he got an extra $4,000 which meant
his savings rate is no longer 12%. It
was now a more respectable 22%. Why does
that actually matters for a very simple
reason? For him to get to the first
$100,000 saved on his original savings
rate, it was going to take him 9 years.
9 years of slavery. At the new rate,
that's now cut to 6 years. That is 3
years of actually retiring early. Not
saying you can now retire on 100k, but
he's going to get there 3 years early.
You and me start working at the bank and
then 20 or 30 years later, we walk out
the front door like nothing even
happened.
>> THAT'S CALLED A JOB.
>> NOW, the next one is what is holding
most people back, and it is debt. Not
any old debt, but it is highinterest
credit cards. They're like termites
eating through your wooden house. They
literally eat through your gains faster
than any investment can ever replace
them. If you have a credit card and you
don't pay off the full balance, you're
probably paying something like a 25%
interest. You can't expect the market to
deliver that for you. So, your first
priority is pay that off. Cut out the
bloody card if you can't be trusted.
Now, how do you get out of debt? Let's
do do a quick approach. Yeah, the
logical way of doing it is you write
down all your debts,
whatever they are,
mortgage,
I could spell mortgage, car payments,
the dreaded credit card,
and whatever else you might have, store
cars, all sorts of stuff. And then you
sort it by the highest interest rate. So
maybe your credit card is 25%, your car
is, this is a month, right? What's your
car a month? I I have no idea what that
is. I I I I drive a 12y old Toyota. Um I
could buy a new car. I could buy it and
I pay for it in full, but I drive a 12-y
old Toyota because it's perfectly fine.
I'm perfectly happy with it. I'm very
comfortable in it and it costs me very
little. So, I don't know what your car
payment is. Your mortgage is probably 5%
or something, right? So, you're going to
want to prioritize this and then
probably the car and then probably the
mortgage, right? Do it in whatever order
that makes the most sense.
>> The new owners are expected at any
moment. Where do you think you're going?
>> Inside.
Bought the place.
>> And then the next step to actual wealth
is you need to set up a sweep an
automated investment. Why do we automate
this? Because this replaces willpower.
And when do you automate your
investments? The day
you get paid. and you decide in advance
how much you're going to invest because
if you say well I'm going to do it at
the end of the month well you're going
to waste this money on something else
and your lifestyle is going to adjust to
what's left and you're going to be very
very happy and all of this is driven by
and leads into something which is called
compounding and it is the eighth wonder
of the world that's literally what
Einstein called it where the magic
happen and it's why starting today will
beat tomorrow every single time. Let me
give you two identical people. I've got
two people. One is called Lily. One is
called Jay. Lily invests
$400 a month for 10 years,
but she starts at age
22. Some strange reason. At age 32, she
stops doing her investing babies or
something. Jade also invests $400 a
month also for 10 years,
[Music]
but she starts at age 32.
What's the outcome? If you fast forward
and say they're now both 62 years old.
So now they are both 62 years old. What
do you think happened? Lily has two
times the money compared to Jade. Why?
She started 10 years older. Same amount
of money, same investing period. Lily
has double the money. Those extra years
of compound growth are literally worth
more than 10 years of extra
contribution. So, how do you want to
invest this month? Look, you want to
start off simple. That's what I always
say. I say investing is essentially a
game of three buckets. The first bucket
is your index
ETF.
I don't promote any particular stocks. I
don't get paid for, you know, pumping
anything. I don't do that. There's never
ever any sponsoring sponsored on here.
But look at something like VU, which is
a ticker symbol. It's very, very low
fees. That should be the majority of
your money if you're starting out, maybe
even everything. I would generally say
this should be 50 to 100% of your
investments. Now, the second bucket
would be either particular sector ETFs.
So if you understand a little bit about
how the money flows around the market,
then you know as I'm recording this for
example I'm putting my money into gold
into biotech and well you know uranium
and energy stocks and things that are at
the moment outperforming in a kind of
predictable way. You want to learn how
to do that? Well watch the masterclasses
felix/getree.
So that could be some part of your money
and I would say that could be 10 to 50%
or even zero if you just want to keep it
simple. Right? This is this is simple.
And then you got some hedges. I'm a fan
of gold. You might want to have a little
bit of crypto exposure, perhaps Bitcoin
or something like that. And that could
be, you know, five to
call it 15 or 20%. Not financial advice,
but just to give you some guidelines.
But the place to start is always the
simplest, which is just put some money
into a bloody index fund. Why? Because
for the last 30 years the S&P has done
10%, the last 10 years it's done like
12% or a bit more than that. And you
want to look for really only one thing
when you buy ETFs and that is fees.
That's the only difference. So buy the
one with the lowest fees. Now you need
to look at chunks. If you're employed,
max out your 401k
only up to where your employer matches
it. After that, stop adding money in the
401k because it's a terrible instrument.
The other thing are Roth IAS. I love
Roth IAS. I think it's the greatest
loophole in the American tax code they
ever bought. So 401k, grab the free
money from the contributions. After
that, put it in the Roth app. The
>> great thing about an IRA is if you need
the money for education or first home,
[ __ ] can make withdrawal
penalty-free.
>> Man, I still don't get the difference
between Roth and the traditional IAS. Is
wrong with you? The [ __ ] is pre-tax. But
let's get back to our remember our gas
station clerk. He made $15 per hour,
which seems like a hard way to make a
living. Here's what he did. He sent It's
an inspiring story. I think $120 every
Friday cuz he got paid weekly. I pay all
my team weekly actually. I think it's a
lovely thing. He used a bicycle to go to
work because he wanted to save the gas
and the car maintenance. He got a side
gig repairing phones on Sundays. He took
home to work his own lunch. I'm going to
call him cheap, but he didn't. And I
tell you what, $4.5
years later, this incredible gentleman,
Ed, sat there with $100,000 in his
brokerage account. He does still work at
the gas station, but he now goes off for
like a month in the winter and he
volunteers in Costa Rica and enjoys his
life and he couldn't be happier. And he
knows his $100,000 are growing and
growing and growing. That's literally
the power of three systems working
together and I just taught you. So if
you take these steps and you implement
them, you can get yourself in a
relatively short period of time. And you
know, you're probably in a place where
you could make more than $15 an hour by
the way. So you could actually do this
much bunch quick. And do you want an
exact plan? I call it the sprint plan to
put this all together. Let me give it to
you. Let me give prepare you as much as
I humanly can. Here's your plan. Month
one, you're going to build a ruthless
wet. You're going to list all your debts
by interest rate. Remember I said that's
the most important place to start. Your
debts by interest rate. You're going to
pick one side hustle that's going to
give you a little bit of extra money. I
know some people who've got not that
much going on at work. They're running
side hustles from work. I'm not saying
that's illegal or encouraged. I'm just
saying some people are doing that. Month
two, get a bloody raise. Why? Because
well, at least start applying for it
because that's going to accelerate
everything. All those new dollars,
they're going to go into your debt
reduction club. You haven't got any
debt, invest month three. You can also
do this in month one if you must. You're
going to want to open a brokerage
account and buy your first bit of index
fund. Something like VU, some sort of
S&P 500 index fund is what I would do.
And you're going to promise yourself you
won't sell it unless it's a life or
death emergency. Why don't you go to a
football game? Not a life or death
emergency. And then you have months 4 to
12. You repeat and you watch and you
track and you smile to yourself as you
watch that balance grow. And at your
one-year review, you're going to
increase the amount that you invest
as much as possible. You don't need a
finance degree. This you don't need a
trust fund. You don't need some crazy
startup idea. You just need three habits
repeated until you hit six figures. Grow
your income. Guard your expenses. invest
the gap. It's not a lottery system. It's
like a muscle. You got to train it.
Every time you save, earn, and invest,
that muscle gets strong. And if you then
want to learn how to manage that
$100,000 better, go to Felix
Friends/getfree, watch free 15-minute
masterass, and I show you the actual
three-step system that investment banks
use to identify those stocks before they
potentially exploit. And if this video
helped you see your path to 100K
clearly, you know what to do. abuse some
of those buttons in front of you and
share it with somebody you might benefit
from. And maybe you can do this with a
friend. I certainly recommend you do it
with your better half so you're a team.
You're doing this together. Got some
value out of this. Check out some of the
other videos on the channel. We talk
about a lot of stuff here that gives you
value. My whole goal is to get you to
your earlier and better retirement,
better life, so you can do what you
actually meant to do on this beautiful
planet. I wish you all the best.