Hey everyone and welcome back to another
video for today. So let's talk a little
bit about AMD. AMD has been around the
same price for the last month or so.
Actually, if we look at the year-to-
date performance, it's been a good year
for AMD stock, right? Comfortably
outperforming the market. It's up 32.8%.
But if you look at the last 12 months,
for example, stock has done basically
nothing. Now, that's good and bad,
right? It's bad if you bought it a year
ago, then you've been underperforming
the market. Of course, it's good if you
wanted to accumulate more and more
shares. Why? Because throughout the last
12 months, the business of course has
become better. Now, right now, when I'm
filming this video, it's the end of the
quarter. And so, it's always good to
look back and reflect and see what has
happened with the stock, what has
happened with the business, right? to
make sure that our expectations are not
too low and especially not too high. By
the way, over the last three months,
stock is up 17.7%.
It's a company worth $262.5
billion. Yes, the trading PE is very,
very high. The forward one is 31.9
times, but this is still a company that
is expected to grow top and bottom line
quite rapidly over the next coming
years. Now, as I've shown you before,
right, when AMD was back early 2024 at
around $227 or so, this was the next
Nvidia, right? This was the next Nvidia.
And since then, well, since then, the
stock has crashed 66% to the April lows.
And then from the April lows, the stock
has gone up by 135% to reach a peak here
of $186. And then yes, it did pull back
a little bit around 13% right now. And
as we've been saying time and time
again, these are healthy pullbacks,
right? You want to see stocks that have
gone up more than double in a matter of
couple of months pull back a little bit.
It is healthy. Previously, we were also
overbought. So healthy pullbacks and
then some consolidation around key
prices is a good thing. Now, let's talk
a little bit about MD the business. Of
course, if you enjoy these type of
videos, hit all the buttons. Would
really appreciate that. Want to support
me even further. Do check out the link
down in the description and end up in
comment with the top 10 best stocks to
buy now or go to full.com/cosinvestor.
Thank you very much. For to note that
I'm filming this before the market opens
after it was announced that the
government is going to shut down. So,
the price action on Wednesday can be all
over the place, but it doesn't really
matter that much. Now to get some more
context here before jumping into the
details of what has happened at the
start of September there was that
Goldman Sachs analyst conference and
they told us of course the same thing
time and time again. Server CPU market
share of 41% an increase of eight points
in the last 12 months. Data center GPU
revenue street estimates project
approximately 7 billion for the current
year which is quite low if you ask me.
Right? If we go back to I think the
start of the year, projections were
closer to 1112 billion. Then that came
down to around $8.5 billion or so. And
now we're only at $7 billion. Not going
to lie, as a shareholder, that's quite a
low number. Unfortunately, we don't know
what the number is because AMD does not
give us a number this year. They gave us
a number last year. For this year, we're
flying blind here. And going from just
over $5 billion in 2024 to just $7
billion for 25 is not great, right? Is
not great. Especially not if we thought
it could be doubling in 2025. They talk
again about the 2028 AI accelerated
total addressable market projected to be
$500 billion data center GPU market
share aspiration to achieve around 20%
plus actually to be a considered a
meaningful player. They also talk a
little bit about the total cost of
ownership focus MI400, MI450s and
specifically on that they say that they
anticipate material revenue contribution
from the MI450 next year driven by close
collaboration with end consumers for
deployment preparation probably the open
AIs and the oracles of the bunch. The
company expects continued strong growth
in its CPU franchise fueled by both AI
related demand increases and ongoing
market share gains in cloud and
enterprise segments. AMD aspires to
achieve absolute server CPU leadership
in the relatively short period of time
and aims for over 20% market share in
data center GPUs as an intermediate step
to establish itself as a meaningful
player. Of course, all of that is great,
but if we're only going to get these
types of numbers, that's well quite
conflicting, right? Of course, it's not
like there is no growth potential. Uh if
we look at the capex growth from all of
the big players and the projected growth
according to bet Kindic here, Amazon,
Microsoft, Meta and Alphabet are
expected to spend $465 billion on capex
in 2026 up more than 21% year-over-year.
And we're just talking about these
players. You're not talking about Tesla,
XAI, all the other AI labs countries and
all of that. So the opportunity is
definitely there. Now, they also showed
us this, right? Nvidia and AMD free
cash. This is something that I've talked
about before as well. Gross profit
margin, especially free cash flow
margin. For AMD to be in the trillions
of dollars in market cap, you have to
match that trajectory, right? The
V-shaped trajectory that we've seen from
Nvidia. We're not yet seeing at AMD. for
the last well since fiscal 23 all the
way to the expected fiscal year 26
estimates Nvidia has grown free cash
flow by 25.9 times AMD 6.6 six times,
which is still very, very good. But
every time I see this stupid comparison
that AMD is suddenly going to be worth
trillions of dollars because Nvidia is
worth trillions of dollars, I'm sorry to
say, but that's more opium than anything
else. AMD can become extremely big, but
to start making comparisons to Nvidia,
the numbers need to make sense. And at
the moment, the numbers do not match
that uh Narnia type of thinking. Moving
on here we have actually some very
interesting numbers and projections
here. So first up CSP capex estimates
2025 estimates 2026 estimates. As you
can see across the board we are seeing
some growth. We are well not some a lot
of growth here but of course seeing here
a huge huge increase. If you look at
2026, same thing here. We are still
seeing a lot of increases. Although
right now the latest consensus number,
the over increase for Oracle is just
going to be 3%, 11% Amazon, 10% Google,
44% Meta, 15%
Microsoft. And so all in all across the
board for 26, you can see here 445.8
billion, which is a little bit less than
what we've just seen before from IDC.
But then again, if we look at the most
bullish consensus, that's even higher
than what we've seen before at $543.9
billion. So if you want to take the
midpoint there, that's also fine. But it
just shows you that it's still going to
grow quite nicely. Then if we look at AI
revenue as a percent of CSP capex,
Nvidia AI revenue, and that's
interesting. So Nvidia AI revenue 425
the estimated number is $193.3
billion 86% mix that drops to 81% of the
mix in 2026
okay great for AMD yeah AMD is going to
take one percentage point going to go
from 4% to 5%. The huge winner here is
actually Broadcom. Broadcom goes from 8%
mix to 12% in 26. So they go from $19
billion to $36.9 billion. And AMD, by
the way, is going to go from 8.3. So not
the $7 billion that we've seen. Again,
these are estimated numbers from 8.3 to
15.1 billion in 26.
Nice growth, right? Nice growth. And
maybe if those numbers are conservative,
I don't know, maybe they could even
double, right? To go and reach 1617
billion or so in 2026 depending on the
release of the MI400 series, how fast
can they ramp it up, etc., etc. So,
okay, these are the numbers right now,
but it's quite clear that Broadcom is
going to be the big big winner. And here
according to those estimates, Nvidia is
about to lose its share of revenue as a
percent of CSP capex. As for the
commentary that we've got from CSP
management on 2026 capex, Microsoft
fiscal year 26 capex growth to be
moderated versus fiscal year 25 greater
mix of short-lived assets, GPUs, etc.
Meta expects another year of similarly
significant capex dollar growth in 2026
as they continue to aggressively pursue
opportunities to bring additional
capacity online to meet the needs of
their AI efforts and business
operations. We've just of course seen
also the Meta Core deal for $14 billion.
Google looking out to 2026. We expect a
further increase in capex due to the
demand we're seeing from customers as
well as growth opportunities across the
company. And then Oracle, majority of
our capex investments are for revenue
generating equipment that is going into
data centers and not for land and
buildings. And so again, for those that
think that this AI growth cycle is
coming to an end, I'm sorry to say, but
no, at least not yet. Moving on here,
we've had a truest analyst come out with
a new price target of $213
with a buyer rating here. The catalyst
growing customer traction in data center
AI markets shift from being viewed as a
price check to a real partner and
reinforce conviction after management
dinner discussion. The risk factors are
reliance on continued execution in data
center AI adoption and competitive
landscape versus Nvidia and Intel could
pressure momentum because of the
announcements between Nvidia and Intel.
Analysts reiterate confidence in
calendar year 2027. EPS of $789
and growth outlook which means you're
paying approximately 20 times calendar
year 27 earnings at the moment which is
not that expensive I would say for a
company that is still expected to grow
quite rapidly. Then quickly switching to
something that I mentioned during a live
stream. This is from semi analysis on X
talking about how AMD is actually
pushing Nvidia to produce better
products. And then of course Nvidia
pushes AMD to produce better products as
well. But this is a good sign. This is a
sign that actually AMD products are now
so competitive and successful that it
makes Nvidia the clear leader here think
twice and improve their own products.
This is very good for the market and a
good sign that the MI450X here is going
to be quite a competitive product.
Lastly here we've had an announcement
between AMD and Coher. Coher is valued
at around $7 billion or so. Coher
specializes in large language models and
AI products for regulated industries,
particularly finance, healthcare,
manufacturing, and energy fields as well
as the public sector. And so last week,
AMD and Coher expand global AI
collaboration to power enterprise and
sovereign deployment with AMD AI
infrastructure. Coher customers can now
run Nord and Coher's Command A series
directly on AMD Instinct's GPU powered
infrastructure. AMD also announced that
it will integrate Coher's Node platform
into its internal enterprise AI
portfolio, making Coher's technology an
integral part of the AMD internal and
engineering AI workflows at the company.
The co-founder of Coher said the
following thing. AMD has a compelling
total cost of ownership proposition with
its AI infrastructure and is a great
option for sovereign AI initiatives in
Canada and uh globally. So they were
already at the AMD advancing AI event
which we actually covered on the
channel. So as discussed there, these
models powered by AMD are already
deployed across enterprises, providing
the memory bandwidth and capacity needed
for long context reasoning and complex
workloads, reducing the deployment
footprint and lowering total cost of
ownership for customers. With Coher's
focus on highly secure and private AI
models combined with the high
performance AMD AI infrastructure, AMD
and Coher can enable sovereign AI
deployments that respect national data
security and compliance requirements.
Offering coher enterprise AI models on
AMD AI infrastructure provides a
foundation of for governments and
enterprises to build trusted AI systems
with the flexibility to run on their own
terms. Of course, this is very important
if you really want to participate in
those huge huge projects whether it's
the Stargate projects or anything else
especially when we talk about
governments, financial sector,
healthcare sector, energy of course all
of them are already working right AI AI
but these are sectors where you need
security when you need privacy where
they need full control of their data. So
this of course will help with that.
Lastly, quick reminder. We've had that
iron announcement, of course, that they
doubled their AI cloud to 23,000 GPUs.
They raised their AI cloud AR target to
over $500 million by Q1 2026. And for
the first time, we're seeing here AMD
GPUs pop up. So, they've got 1,100 AMD
Mi 350X uh GPUs. Remains to be seen what
happens going forward. Are we going to
get more AMD GPUs or are they only going
to increase their Nvidia fleet? What
type of well reception? What's the
reasoning behind offering AMD GPUs? Is
there so much demand for that or are
they just trying out new things? They
say here the addition of AMD hardware
alongside further Nvidia GPU broadens
Iron's offering an addressable market.
Okay, great. But now we can actually
focus on iron and see okay are they
expanding their AMD fleets or not and if
they are is it because the demand is
just so great or is it because it's
being used for certain workloads what
are they'll hopefully get more answers
in the coming months maybe coming
quarters but of course as named
shareholder always good to see this and
so lastly here yes while the stock has
been flat for a while now I am not
worried I'm actually quite happy that we
are stabilizing around the same price.
Although you can see some fluctuations
right here. To go and revisit the 200
day moving average, the stock would have
to crash 20%. How will that happen?
Could only happen, I believe, if there
is a very very bad earnings report and
bad comments during the call. Do I think
that will happen? Probably not. All
things indicate that not only the data
center side of the business, but also
the client side, right? Gaming, client,
and embedded are all going to have more
growth ahead. Especially gaming and
embedded used to face quite a lot of
headwinds. Now we are starting to see
some tailwinds. So that should
definitely help the overall revenue
profile, free cash flow, and
profitability profile of the company. So
I remain very bullish on AMD moving
forward. So always good to go back check
what has happened check what has
happened with the company and the stock
make our expectations quite clear. My
expectations with AMD are still they are
going to be a bigger company in the
future than they are today. Are they
going to replace Nvidia? No, I don't
think so. But that's fine. That's fine.
Do I think they will become a trillion
dollar company tomorrow? No. But if they
continue to grow nicely, if they
continue to come out with competitive
products, I do think it's just a
question of when, not if. So, that's
about it for me in this video. If you
enjoy this type of videos, hit all the
buttons. Would really appreciate that.
And we'll see each other in the next
one. Bye-bye.
[Music]