Folks, you better get ready because in
today's video, we're going to break down
the latest on the market and plays. And
then we're going to break down one stock
that I believe is the steel of a century
and could be a sleeping AI giant. This
stock has huge long-term proof of
concept. Great leadership, major
catalysts, and most importantly, has the
potential to be a center player in the
AI arms race. In my mind, there's a
massive gap between the real true value
of the stock and what it's currently
trading at. I believe that it has a lot
of potential to be rerated much, much
higher. And I'm going to make my case
for it with the evidence, the data. I'll
present all of the receipts and then you
can go off and do your own due diligence
and come to your own conclusion. As
always, if you're the one taking the
ultimate risk, you got to be the one
doing the ultimate frisco is do your own
due diligence and research on all ideas
presented. Okay, so let's start with the
market. So markets got absolutely nuked
on Friday and we've seen massive
reversals over the weekend. But let me
lay out the timeline here. So the
timeline is as follows. On Thursday,
China revealed its most expansive rare
earth export controls to date. Friday,
President Trump posts about this says
China is trying to assert monopoly
control over key rare earth segments.
Threatens an additional 100% tariffs on
China and key controls in certain
segments. And then stocks lose some $2
trillion in a single day. Then on
Sunday, President Trump writes, "Don't
worry about China. Xi just had a bad
moment." But then he comes out a few
minutes ago and he says, "Look, 100%
tariffs on China are still the plan."
But anyways, practically, how does one
navigate this kind of volatility as a
trader, as an investor, as a beautiful
stock market participant? Well, you got
to know the playbook, folks. And this is
the playbook that we've seen over and
over again this year. Step one, Trump
freaks markets out with big threats.
Step two, hedge fund, short sellers, and
their media arms cry doom and gloom.
Step three, Trump says, "We are working
on a solution. Everything is fine by
now." Step four, markets pump. Step
five, trade deals get worked out in the
next 3 to four weeks. And step six,
markets go even higher. So, this is
basically the six steps that we've seen
happen over and over and over again all
year. Now, that being said, you might
ask, why exactly are these stock market
downtrends becoming so severe? How can
you see trillions of dollars wiped out
in a single day? Well, that's because
many participants and whales within this
market leverage themselves up to their
eyeballs. So any kind of downtrend gets
multiplied 2, three, four, 5x. Funds get
margin calls. They blow up their overall
portfolio. Risk management protocols
take them out of positions that
otherwise they might have wanted to stay
in for years. So all of these things
combined create this environment where
you get these massive liquidity dumps.
And I know that that can be scary and
you might see big unrealized losses
throughout a day. But it's also a huge
opportunity because things get way more
oversold than they used to. And
likewise, probably things get way more
overbought than they used to during
euphoria cycles. So these are different
things to consider. But going back to
trade wars and really overall fears,
look, the bark tends to be way worse
than the bite. The way that I see these
trade wars is quite frankly they're all
a back and forth negotiation tactic with
different countries flexing their
different muscles and upsetting markets
in the meantime. There's four big
scenarios that we've seen play out again
and again this year. Scenario one, you
have an escalation period and then a
deescalation period shortly after.
Scenario two, you have an escalation
period followed by a further escalation
period followed by a deescalation
period. Scenario three, you get an
escalation period and then a further
escalation period and then a further
escalation period and then you get the
deescalation period. Scenario four, you
get an escalation and then you get a
deescalation and then you get a
reescalation. Now, obviously, the more
cycles of escalation, the longer the
sell-offs can take place and vice versa.
The key is understanding that you can't
predict the short-term back and forth,
but you can take advantage of it. Now,
based on Trump's post today, it seems
like we are either in scenario one where
there's a big escalation, but then it
quickly deescalates. But we could also
be in scenario four, which is escalate,
then deescalate, and then all of a
sudden there's a new escalation. Right
now, as market participants, you have to
understand, nobody has a crystal ball,
and nobody's going to be able to predict
a million different variables in regards
to the White House, geopolitics, trade
war, so on and so forth. Many, many
folks will destroy themselves every time
you have a market sell-off. Many folks
will make the wrong actions, but the
folks that actually succeed over the
long run are the ones that actually
understand the bigger picture of the
long run. If you want to prevail in the
stock market, you got to understand that
the stock market will always have tons
of periods of volatility and panic
sell-offs. But in the long run, real
value prevails and it climbs that wall
of worry. If you look at history,
there's always been endless reasons to
sell and endless people telling you that
you need to sell. But nonetheless,
buying and accumulating good assets,
especially at dips, has continued to be
the best and really easiest winning
strategy. So, in other words, if this
China and Trump truce holds, that's
great. Markets can go up faster. If it
doesn't, and we see a month selloff,
that's great, too. That's I do think
that as a result of this whole trade war
mishap situation, well, I think you're
going to see more and more interest from
the White House in backing andor taking
stakes in companies in areas where China
currently has an edge. Think about this.
How can the US allow China to supply
such a large percentage of its US rare
earths? It's a massive, massive security
risk. And obviously, if China wants to,
they can choke hold this supply and all
of a sudden we have a massive
catastrophe. And this is in many
different segments. It's not just in
rare earths. But there are other
companies and other categories that the
White House might be looking at soon.
Some of the categories that are pretty
obvious to me are critical materials and
processing, domestic data centers with
top GPUs, specifically from Nvidia and
AMD, magnets and electrification
component makers, semiconductor
manufacturing and tools, critical
software companies, and energy and
nuclear, which is a big big one by the
way. And we're going to continue showing
up here on the YouTube channel and on
the Discord to bring you all of these
setups that we can possibly find. But at
the end of the day, these are the ones
that you got to be focused on because
these are the ones that the White House
is likely going to be looking to take
more stakes in because again, if they
don't support the industries, well,
China is just going to have the leg up
on us forever and eventually that might
be a catastrophe. Okay, now it's time to
get to work on plays. So, let's go ahead
and start with APLD. So, on April 24th,
we made a video explaining why data
center small cap APLD is a buy, and
we've made countless videos on it since
then, breaking it down as a buy, and it
just hit new highs Friday morning at
$39.7.
The stock is now within spitting
distance of a 10x, which we've long said
was a strong possibility. And actually,
if you go and you pull up our price
target forecast from the Discord that we
put out back in June, we broke down the
math for this stock getting to $93.30 a
share by 2028. Now, this idea was not
presented as a gamble. It was presented
as an evidencebacked play. And we
presented the evidence this whole time,
but the company has shown even more
evidence in its latest earnings report.
And I want to highlight that here for
you today. They reported a loss of 3
cents EPS versus expectations of 14
cents EPS, which was a big big
improvement showing losses narrowing
much faster than analysts expected. They
showed revenue surging. Revenues up 41%
year-over-year to $38 million driven by
data center expansion and strong
customer demand. Corweave contract when
they signed a 15-year 250 megawatt
hosting agreement plus an option for 150
megawatts more. That means that there's
long-term revenue visibility locked in
there. And there's project acceleration.
Construction timelines have been cut
from 24 months to 12 to 14 months,
meaning faster revenue realization from
new sites. You have capital strength.
They raised $270 million post quarter.
And of course, I mean AI infrastructure
tailwinds. The company is very very well
positioned to benefit from surging AI
compute demand as hyperscalers and
startups seek capacity. So anyways, big
big wins for APLD. Congratulations if
you played part of this move and you
benefited. But how much longer will data
center plays like APLD be relevant? A
lot of folks are looking at this and
it's gone straight up. So they're like,
"Well, this must be a massive bubble."
And of course, look, these stocks will
have corrections. Everything does and
it's going to happen and it's going to
hurt a lot of people that don't have an
understanding of what these companies
are. However, if you look at the bigger
picture, data centers are not. They are
not overhyped. One thing you got to
understand is there's actually a major
shortfall, not an over supply of data
centers. There's a massive shortfall,
which is why the value of the data
centers under construction in the United
States is now on track to surpass office
buildings for the first time in history.
Folks, you got to understand that
compute is quickly becoming the world's
hottest commodity. And data centers are
of course a key component of that.
Relatively speaking, I mean, the amount
of data centers in the country, let's
say it's right here. Well, the demand is
like all the way up here. So, the idea
that data centers are hype garbage is a
big stinking joke. Now, moving on to the
next stock, HD. So just the other night
I was watching Jensen Huang and one of
the things that he highlighted was that
look in many cases China is behind the
US but when it comes to energy which is
a key component of this AI data center
arms race well China is way ahead like
leaps and bounds incredibly important
that the United States focuses on
building out its energy production
specifically in nuclear because that's
where China is really really investing
heavily. And so anyways, about two weeks
ago, we broke down why we believe that
HD at $13.95
was a buy. And it was because quite
frankly, its future merger partner,
Terrestrial Energy, is a nuclear energy
play on a short list for Department of
Energy partners. And if you look at its
recent trading, it hit $20.55 at highs
on Friday, which is great. But what is
the continued case to buy HD stock
before they essentially merge and take
terrestrial energy public? Well, the
case that I would make is for starters,
they're a fasttom market nuclear. Unlike
most sci-fi timeline nuclear startups,
Terrestrials integral molten salt
reactor is designed for speed. It's
modular, capital light, and using
readily available salu fuel instead of
scarce value fuel. And they've already
hit major regulatory milestones in the
US and Canada. They've got a massive
monster TAM, 1.4 trillion. IMSRS aren't
just about electricity. They actually
deliver 585°
C industrial heat, which is clean, firm
power for data centers and fuel for
green hydrogen/ ammonia. This opens a
$1.4 trillion addressable market in OECD
economies growing to $ 1.9 trillion by
2050. They've got competitive costs. You
know, legacy nuclear is very slow,
expensive, and single use, but
terrestrial promises way more efficient
numbers. $69 per megawatt hour versus
$140 for legacy nuclear. This company
also has recurring revenues, not one-off
sales. This isn't a seller reactor and
walk away type of model. Terrestrial
actually earns from pre-construction,
core unit replacements every seven
years, long-term fuel supply and
maintenance. That means multi-deade high
margin revenue streams. And then number
five, you have policy plus partnership.
Tailwind governments in the US, Canada,
and the UK have backed them with grants
and regulatory progress. Partnerships
with Westinghouse, Camo, Seammens,
Texas&M, and more give them credibility.
So anyways, lots of cases for the upside
here. But is Hond a good deal? Well, the
upside story for Honda is that the
potential anticipatory run into
combination with Terrestrial Energy Inc.
looks like it's going to happen in Q4.
And then you have the long-term upside
as Terrestrial Energy expands with
government/regulatory tailwinds. And
then I think that it's likely
underpriced as many people simply don't
like to buy spaxs pre merger. And I know
that it's gone up a bit since we said
that last time, but I continue to
believe that there's a lot more upside
here than markets have priced in. And
then of course downside for Honda. Well,
the merger date is still pending and
they did get an approval from the SEC,
but there's still parts to go through.
And then people often like to take
profits right before and after mergers,
which do cause pretty substantial dumps.
And then, of course, spacks make people
worry before mergers. So, you can see
pretty unpredictable price action, but
at the same time, I understand the
long-term story here, and I believe that
there's a lot of opportunity. Okay,
next, we got to talk about PATH, PTH.
So, last week, I made a video breaking
down one of our top ideas that I believe
is trading super super cheap, UiPath.
was trading at $12.90 at the time and
then it actually ran up to $19.82 a few
days later before selling off in
Friday's panic but I believe this is
going to age to be yet another dip
buying opportunity. Now this is the case
that we laid out for discord members
back on October 5th and this still holds
true. PATH has a very very opportune
setup as we believe that its market
positioning is really really undervalued
in both cases A and B we see it breaking
quarters long resistance and heading
towards yearly highs. UiPath is a
rapidly emerging leader in enterprise
automation, offering a powerful platform
that helps businesses streamline
operations by automating repetitive
rule-based and data heavy tasks. UiPath
is used by thousands of companies from
midsize businesses to Fortune 500 giants
aiming to reduce cost, boost accuracy,
and accelerate digital transformation.
You got a great setup here. You got 1.49
billion in revenue. What at the time, a
$6.85 85 billion market cap, 82% gross
margins, a recurring subscription
business, $0 net debt considering
massive cash that overshadows and
OpenAI, Nvidia Snowflake, and Google
Collaborations. You've got a long
history here of leveraging AI and we
continue to love UiPath. Okay, lastly,
let's talk about one stock that I
believe is a great buy right now, and
that is MARA, lovely MARA stock, ticker
symbol M A R A. This is a stock whose
revenue is up 64% year-over-year. Net
income up 504% year-over-year. Diluted
EPS up 355% year-over-year, net profit
margin up 346% year-over-year, and yet
the stock itself is up less than 10%
year-over-year. Now, of course, for
years, we've been talking about MA, but
MARA is a Bitcoin miner that is
aggressively starting to stretch its
wings and fly into the beautiful AI data
center space, which is great because
other players who did this saw huge
valuation reratings and massive rally
rallitos. Now, the thing is with Mara is
that she's one of the largest crypto
miners in the game and their
infrastructure and long-term proof of
concept is very, very massive and
impressive, which means a huge apparatus
to pivot to AI data centering. If you
look at their portfolio, they have some
333,000
operational miners across 18 data
centers. And so, in many ways, they are
a sleeping giant and they are starting
to wake up. So, why is that? Well,
they're finally starting to
strategically get into the AI data
centering business. Our lovely Mara is
no longer just a Bitcoin miner. She's
quietly building the foundation for a
full-scale AI and high performance
computing empire. She operates a 1.1
gawatt of owned power capacity only 0.04
cents per kilowatt hour, one of the
lowest energy costs in North America
through her partnership with TAE power
solutions and recent acquisition of
EDF's Exxion. While MARA is creating a
flexible grid-based compute
infrastructure capable of serving very
large-scale AI workloads and this deal
is going to give MA access to tier 4
GDPR compliant data centers in Europe
with established enterprise clients like
Nvidia, Deote and two CRSI. The truth is
that I do find the Bitcoin mining
segment to be very very exciting. But it
is over a very long-term time horizon
where it really starts paying off. And
really right now in the present markets
just really really value AI data centers
for many of the reasons that we talked
about. And so if Mara can pivot
aggressively into that in some shape or
form they don't have to get rid of
Bitcoin mining. A lot of the other
companies didn't. But if she could pivot
into that and diversify into that well
she could be rerated much much higher. I
think the strategic European expansion
via Exxion is a big staking deal that
people aren't talking about. MARA took a
64% stake in this subsidiary and that's
gamechanging because it provides entry
into European AI markets and government
clients and positions MARA as a
crosscontinental AI infrastructure
operator, not just a US-based minor. So,
in totality, what I see here is the
innings of something that could be
waking up a massive giant in AI. With
Mari, you've got cheap power, global
expansion, and early AI infrastructure
positioning, making it a stealth AI play
at Bitcoin minor multiples, which I
think is a beautiful combination. And I
think there's a big gap here between
where it should be trading at and where
it is trading at. If Mara decides to
continue growing out their AI data
center business, like I think they will,
and repurpose parts of their Bitcoin
mining to the highest bidder in the AI
space, I think that the valuation of MAR
can be rerated multiple times higher,
just like Mar's competitors were. And
that's why I'm a big believer in the
upside here. Now, at the same time, I
got to tell you, we've been big
believers in Mara for years, but she has
underperformed our expectations. There's
lots of cases where we've had stocks
that have very, very outperformed our
expectations. With Mara, she's
underperformed. But I could see a lot of
upside potential here. She has a lot of
firepower here to pivot aggressively
into being one of the best AI data
center players out there while also
continuing to keep a lot of her Bitcoin
mining infrastructure. I think if you
look at the long-term proof of concept
with this company, it's got good
leadership. It's got a beautiful
long-term trajectory and I would say
that it's hard not to see the upside
potential here. And quite frankly, after
I'm done making this video and it's
posted, I'm going to go ahead and alert
calls in the Discord for MOA stock with
a very specific expiration date to
highlight the upside potential over a
specific time range that I'm projecting.
We're also going to be putting out a new
price target forecast for MOA. So, some
things that I highly recommend looking
at if you are in the Discord. If you're
not, you can join with that first link
down below. Anyways, folks, we
appreciate you watching this video. I
hope you found value in it. We'll see
you in the next one. and let us know
your favorite stocks down below.