Well, you really do learn something new
every single day. I live and breathe.
Politics, political commentary is my
thing. I'm breathing policy and taxes
and all the details. And yet, even so,
someone like me can still be caught out
and go, "Hang on, I didn't realize that
that was true." True. And one such thing
happened when I was listening to former
Victorian MP Jeff Shaw talking on Joel
Jamal's show and he made a comment that
sent me down a rabbit hole of research
and made me discover that actually the
Victorian windfall gains tax is so much
worse than what I actually already
thought it was. And that's saying
something cuz I already thought it was
pretty bad. I've invited Jeff Shaw on to
the TOEFL project. Jeff, thank you so
much for joining me.
>> Thanks Toeer. Thanks for having me. Good
to see you.
>> And thank and thank you for teaching me
something new. We were just chatting
before we recorded about the fact that
your background is actually tax and I
guess that's probably why you're as
across the details of this as what you
are. Can you explain to us the the the
windfall gains tax? There'd be some
people who have perhaps never even heard
of it. Can you explain what this tax is
and crucially how it functions because
this is the bit that blindsided me.
>> Well to it wouldn't surprise me that
people don't know about it because
there's been over 60 taxes that have
been increased or released under this
government and and people have got their
own lives to deal with. They got they
got things going on and when attack
doesn't affect you
>> then you don't worry about it.
>> I'm sorry to interrupt my interview with
Jeff Shaw. We'll get back to him in just
a moment. But first, my name's Topher
Field. This is the TOEFL project and
this is what I do. I bring you stories
and interviews that help busy people
like you to make sense of the nonsense
that surrounds us. And boy is this
windfall gains tax a bunch of nonsense.
It actually gets worse as we get further
through this interview and Jeff helps me
to understand a few more things that I
didn't previously understand. But we'll
get back to that in a second. I am 100%
viewer supported. So if you appreciate
what I'm doing here at the TOEFL
project, then please buy me a coffee via
the button at tofield.net. And if you
like my videos and my interviews, then
you're going to love my books. They're
all about law, government, civil
disobedience in the modern age. That's
what this one's all about. And this one
is all about the theology of civil
disobedience. Good Christians break bad
laws. You'll also find my DVD of
Battleground Melbourne, my
multi-awwardwinning documentary, and
also my merch in a range of different
designs, in t-shirts, and in hoodies.
And all of that is available at good
peoplebreakbadlaws.com.
And everything you buy is going to help
me to keep the TOEFL project going and
bringing you interviews like this one.
So let's get back to Jeff Shaw.
>> You you don't Oh, it's not to me. It's
it's people in the country. It's people
in the outer suburban area. It's the
people in Pacnam, Nar Warren, these type
of people down Julong way, out the Berin
Peninsula,
>> uh up your way that are going to be
affected. But it doesn't affect us guys
in the city which are predominantly
Labour voters for the most part. So the
the windfall gains tax came in and what
just to explain what it is. If the
government comes in and they reszone a
area a new own property in that area. So
let's say it could be a farm with you
know a few hectares or over two hectares
anyway. That's the anything over two
hectares. So you own I don't know 100
acres and they reszone it and all of a
sudden it goes up because of that
reasoning that one decision it goes up I
don't know a million dollars.
Well, the government will come in and
they'll say, "Because of the decision we
made, we just increased your wealth by a
million dollars. You've got to pay us
50% of that $500,000
>> due payable now. Payable at the resoning
time.
However, you you can delay it and pay it
off over you can pay it in 30 years
time, but it's going to be at the
Victoria bond rate, 10-year bond rate,
which is around about 5%.
So, 30 years, you're going to be paying
the 10-year bond rate
>> for 30 years compounded
or you pay it up front or when you sell,
but you still get the compounded
interest. If you don't pay straight away
at the resoning, you get that compounded
interest.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And that's how that that
works. It's incredible that
this government is magnificent on
uh on inventing new ways to tax us.
>> Yeah.
>> New ways to restrict us. C
>> can I make a comparison here? Because I
I had thought incorrectly clearly I had
thought that this would operate in much
the same way as existing capital gains
taxes would. Uh i.e. I mean, if you
think about it, if if the government
makes a decision that increases the
value of someone's property, they get
tax out of that anyway upon sale and in
the form of that capital gains tax. But
but I assumed that you wouldn't get
taxed until you sold that property. You
would have to make the decision to exit
that property. But what this does is it
means that someone who is, let's say, a
second, third generation farmer, let's
say down the Bellerin Peninsula, let's
say, yeah, they've got they've got a
thousand acres or so, they've got a
decentsized property down that way. They
can go from being debt-free to being
millions of dollars in debt with as you
say interest acrewing at about 5%
peranom just at the snap of a
bureaucrat's fingers. How come more
people aren't aware of of of this and
the details about how this how just
outrageous this actually is?
>> It is outrageous. And I think I I did at
the start I I mentioned that people are
so tied up in their lives and taxes are
coming all the time
>> that they're just going, "Oh, it doesn't
affect me. I ain't own a house. I don't
own a farm. Um I'm not a developer or
anything like that." So
>> until it hits their hip pocket,
>> I've spoken to a lot of rental uh people
who own rental properties that when the
DAN tax came, I call it the Dan tax,
which is the co debt tax, but it's
really the Dan tax. um they're hitting
they wanted to sell their properties
because they can't be doing paying this
land tax and this dan tax and these
regulations that you have to comply with
>> because it's not just taxes it's it's
regulations on the rental properties
that people have to comply with that
>> that's that's to say nothing of the the
new fire services levy that's gone out
as well it's it's I mean there's just so
much it it is so outrageous so just help
me to understand because not everyone is
you know you've got a tax background I
look at this stuff all the time not
everyone would fully have grasped the
implications
of it being payable immediately but
deferable for 30 years with that
interest acrewing. I've talked before
about the fact that if you buy a house
and you get a 5% loan paid off over 30
years, whatever your loan amount is, you
will have essentially paid twice. Once
in the loan principal and a second time
in interest, it's not quite exactly that
much, but the interest will almost
equate to the to the value of the
property over that 30 years. And that's
assuming that you're paying it off
progressively, like a mortgage over
those 30 years. So, let's take that
scenario. That would mean that a $1
million uplift in property value, if it
was paid off over 30 years, like a
mortgage, would have resulted in $1
million in tax and interest for the
owner of that property. It essentially
becomes a 100% tax.
>> I'd say it's more than that because it's
compounded, TOEFL,
>> right?
>> Compounded. If you took it to 30 years,
it's compound. It's not just 5% a year.
5* 300. If you just did it basic. Yeah.
>> 5% over 30 years is 150. So, you're
paying 1.5 million on that million
dollar uplift.
>> Yeah.
>> But it's compounded. Now, I haven't done
the figure. It's easy to go into a
interest compounding calculator and find
out, but it's going to be over $2
million if you did that over the 30
years. Now,
>> you would hope that that property would
have increased in value. But what if it
didn't?
>> And and how outrageous that essentially
now the government is going to tax the
entirety of this supposed uplift in
value that they've supposedly given you
and then also be taxing the future
inflation essentially. And I've talked
on this show before about the fact that
actually capital gains taxes are largely
just taxes on inflation. I want to make
one more point and get your thoughts on
this, particularly as a former member of
parliament. Um, isn't it true to say
that the reason why these properties
weren't already worth that much is
because of government restrictions in
the first place? The government is
trying to argue and say, "We're adding
value to your property." But isn't it
actually true that the government are
simply no longer restricting the value
of that property in the way that they
had been?
>> That's right. They've put they put
restrictions on it. So it limits what
it's the zoning limits what it's worth.
Yeah. So yeah, you're correct. Their
government policy limited it and now
their government policy has put an
uplift factor on it. Whenever the
government gets involved, I know I'm not
speaking to I know I'm speaking to
someone who agrees with this. Whenever a
government gets involved, there's going
to be strife.
>> Yeah.
>> It's not going to be good. Well, it's
it's honestly it's starting to feel like
an organized crime kind of protection
racket. Like we're going to be standover
men and stop you from fully exploiting
the value of your property and then one
day we'll change our minds and we'll let
you actually exploit the full value of
that property, but you'd better pay your
your dues, which by the way, your dues
are going to be even more than the
increase in value. At at what point do
we just call this organized crime?
>> Well, I call tax legalized thievery
anyway. It's legal taxes legalized
thievery. I've I've said that even when
I was an accountant in my tax days. Um
and more so I see it now during this
government. You mentioned capital. I
want to make it clear. Capital gains tax
is a federal tax.
>> Okay.
>> So the federal guys get when you sell a
property that that isn't your primary
place of residence. If you you've made
uh a gain on it, if you bought it after
1985, which Hawk and Keing bought in,
there's a there's a capital gain. That's
a federal tax. This is a state tax that
wants their gain now too.
>> It's very much it's very similar to this
unrealized gains that they were going to
do in superanuation at a federal level.
>> Exactly. Exactly. That's at a federal
level. The state have taken and said
this is what we're going to do.
>> Okay. So, you've got me thinking even
deeper now because with with capital
gains tax, the the gain is calculated
based on the depreciated acquiring
value. So you you buy an investment
property, you depreciate let's say the
kitchen and some of the other things
inside that value and then once you sell
it for an increased amount, the gain
that the federal government taxes you on
is the difference between the
depreciated you know purchase price. I'm
simplifying but between that price and
the sale price essentially. Um do the
government
>> and then and then half of that and then
>> sorry
>> half of that is taxed. So half of that
half of that you've got to you've got to
declare and then that half of that's
taxed.
>> Okay. So, if a farm owner has their land
revalued
and let's say they immediately choose to
sell, they say, "You know what? Okay,
I'm out of here." Is the tax that they
have, the windfall uh gains tax that
they have to pay to the Victorian state
government deductible against the
capital gains tax they have to pay
federally? Because if it isn't, then if
they sell, even if they sell immediately
and they don't incur any interest, are
they not simply going to pay half of it
to the Victorian government in windfall
gains and the other half to the federal
government in capital gains?
>> Yeah, that that's correct. But um that's
correct your thinking if that was the
case. But no, it's it's it comes off the
cost base of the property for capital
gains tax fedally.
>> Okay. So that means that they're only
going to lose 75%. So they lose half of
the of the gain in the windfall tax and
then they lose half of the remainder for
a total of 75%. In capital gains tax
>> in capital gains tax it'll be it'll be a
bit less than that at the federal level
would be probably half that. So they
will lose at least around about the uh
65%
>> area in federal and state. Yeah it is
>> and that's if they don't acrue any
interest on the windfall gains. Uh, and
that's of course again ignoring the fact
that it was the government that was
actually withholding the value of that
property in the first place. Jeff,
you've been a member of parliament. You
know that there are some good people in
there. Uh there's a lot of
self-interested people in there as well.
>> What do we do about this? This is
madness. This we we quite literally
cannot go on like this.
>> Yeah, I agree. I mean, when I left uh
parliament in 2014, the state had a debt
of 22 billion.
And one of the things I was going to do
if I went back in was to push for no
payroll tax, which brings which is about
$7 billion a year. But payroll tax, what
is payroll tax? I mean,
>> yeah,
>> you know, you're taxing a it's madness.
>> That policy could have come true now
because we're coming up to $200 billion
in debt. Nearly nine eight times more
debt than we were 10 years ago,
>> eight times more debt. Have we got eight
times better road, eight times better
bridges? No.
>> Eight times better public service.
>> Eight times better policing in courts
and criminal justice system. No, I don't
think so.
>> No. No, we don't. So that's an enormous
amount over. That's eight times. So 22
billion to nearly 200 billion. The
interest on that. If it was at the bond
rate of 5%, we're talking 10 billion a
year. We could have wiped payroll tax,
wiped a whole government department of
payroll tax out and stopped putting
pressure on small business and auditing
them and and putting all these these
pressures and regulations on them
>> and that could have been just wiped.
>> But we can't do that now. It doesn't
seem
>> Yeah,
>> this uh this government has a a real
appetite for spending. It has no problem
with the I've said it before. You might
have even heard me say it before. It's
like a it's like an excuse the wives
here. It's like a wife with a credit
card and you just go out and you don't
it doesn't matter. Someone will pay it.
Oh yeah, it'll be my husband or
>> for those who who the husband's a
spender. Let's do it in reverse.
>> But
>> that's what Justindra Ellen's like.
She's she's and Dan Andrews were like,
they were like that. The spouse with a
credit card go and spend. Who's going to
pay it? It's us guys that pay it here in
Victoria. And 27 out of those 60 odd
taxes are on property. So it's on
property owners. And of course, you know
that a lot of those expenses get
transferred across to the consumer or
the renter.
Yep.
>> Yep. Absolutely they do. Of course they
do. Nothing's Nothing's for free.
Everything's a trade-off. Yeah. There's
no such thing as taxing a property
owner. You're taxing individuals. Either
the people that live in Well, generally
you're taxing the people that live in
that property, whether they're renting
or whether they are owner occupiers.
That's where the tax will fall. The same
is true for business. There's no such
thing as a tax on a business. You
mentioned the payroll tax. you when you
tax a business, you're either taxing the
owners and shareholders of that business
who get reduced dividends or you're
taxing the customers of that business
who get reduced uh who get increased
prices or perhaps in some circumstances
you might be taxing the employees who
will miss out on on any pay rises or
bonuses that they might have received.
It always comes down to people. Every
single one of these taxes, no matter how
they get dressed up, is a tax on the
people of Victoria. Well, Jeeoff, it's
not often that I learn something new,
but today is one of those days. And
that's that's courtesy of you. Thank you
so much for coming on to the TOEFL
project. Sorry, did you have one last
comment there?
>> No, no other comment, TOEFL, but uh you
know, thanks for having me on and and
and really it it's like I say, people
just get caught up in their day-to-day
lives and they don't know about these
things going on because until it affects
them
>> or until someone like you highlights uh
what's going on because in mainstream or
the Labour Party will put a different
spin on it.
>> Yeah, of course.
>> Than what what it actually is, which is
a a massive tax grab. Well, that's why I
do what I do and that's why I'm so
grateful to you for doing what you do
and and helping me to learn things that
I didn't previously know. Jeff Shaw,
friend of the show, friend of the TOEFL
project, I thank you for coming on and
uh educating me today.
>> Thank you, Chaffer. Thanks. Good to see
you.
>> Thank you for watching my interview with
Jeff Shaw. I really appreciate you
watching all the way to the end because
the algorithm loves you and so do I. I
am 100% viewer supported here at the
Topher Project. So, if you appreciate
what I'm doing, then please buy me a
coffee via the button at tofield.net and
also make sure that you've joined my
email list because as December the 10th
approaches and that under 16 social
media ban, I don't think it's going to
be a really big deal, but it is going to
affect some people and the safest thing
to do is going to be for you to be on my
email list. So, make sure you do that
while you're at tofield.net. And also,
if you appreciate my videos and the
stories that I bring you, then you're
going to love my books. They're all
about government, power, and civil
disobedience, along with my DVD,
Battleground Melbourne, and of course,
my t-shirts and my hoodies in a range of
different designs. You'll find all of
that at goodpeoplebreakbadlaws.com.
And everything you buy is going to help
me to keep doing what I do here at the
TOEFL project. Thank you for watching
all the way to the end. Please like,
comment, subscribe, and as always, think
free.