Remember that urgent almost frantic post
Donald Trump made to his attorney
general Pam Bondi. Uh the one he
demanded that she prosecuted James
Comey. Very long post. He's talking
about how he read over 30 statements. Um
he's saying this is the same story as
last time. Look what they did to me.
Pam, look, this has to get done
immediately. There's a great case. We
cannot delay any longer. It's killing
our reputation and credibility. Justice
must be served and on and on. So there
was near instant speculation that post
um was not meant for public consumption.
And now the Wall Street Journal is well
confirming just that. The paper
reporting Trump accidentally published
that directive to his AG Bondi uh
publicly September 27th, 11:21 a.m.
Eastern. He deleted it within 10
minutes. Of course, not before it was
captured in the eternal screenshots. And
instead, the reporting is after she
called the White House and complained
and issued a help, help stop, stop. Pam
Bondi is doing a great job, he posted a
few minutes later. Great job as attorney
general of the United States. She's very
careful, very smart, loves our country,
but needs a tough prosecutor in the
Eastern District of Virginia. Like my
recommendation, Lindsay Hallan, to get
things moving. So, Donald Trump um very
transparent. I don't know if he thinks
he's slick um when he writes things like
that. Just 12 minutes later, Trump tried
to clean it up as you saw there, posting
that praisefilled message about Pam um
calling her smart, strong. Now, the
deleted post is now being evaluated as
perhaps exhibit A potentially in James
Comey's legal strategy to get his
indictment thrown out. Trump's own words
giving a clear directive to his DOJ boss
to target a former FBI director could be
used to show political motivation and
abuse of power. And so this isn't just
about what's a sloppy, you know, who
hasn't maybe accidentally or close to it
thought they were sending a DM and said
they posted something publicly. But it
does seem to be a window into just how
far Donald Trump is willing to go and
how long he's willing to wait to taste
the blood of his chosen political
enemies um as he sees it. Um ironically
though, this may have secured him the
White House, this one enemy. I mean, of
all people, Comey probably secured in
the White House the first time around
and still. The question I have for you
though, Jen, is that is anyone going to
fall off the loyalty truck here? Okay.
Donald Trump wants a Nobel Prize.
There's the peace deal. We'll see what
happens with that. The government's shut
down. He's sending troops into Chicago
and threatening other places. He has all
of this time to still oversee the
prosecution, the indictment of Leticia
James. Is anybody else going to say,
"You know what, I'm MAGA. You know what?
I was all in on Trump, but this is a
bridge too far.
>> Um, maybe. Okay, so probably, but it
depends on who we're talking about. So,
first, before I get to that, Sharon, I
mean, look at this, right? There's two
parts of this that are amazing. Number
one, he thinks he's sending a DM to his
attorney general. Why are you doing it
through your
public platform? What are you nuts?
You're the president of the United
States. You can get her a message in any
way you want. pick up the phone, email
her, whatever. What? You're DMing her?
You're sliding into her DMs? What are
you nuts? And then, of course, the clown
m accidentally makes it public.
You got to grow up, brother. This is
like again, if you're a Republican, you
got to be like, "What are you? Why are
you sharing secret messages publicly?
Don't you have any self-control? Can't
you do anything right anyway?" So then,
look at the message. He says to his
attorney general, "That political
opponent of mine is guilty as hell and
all there's been is talk and no action."
He doesn't say anything about which
crime she committed. Hey, I'm concerned.
It looks like there were a law was
broken and you didn't et No, no. He's
just like, "Prosecute her. I don't like
her. Prosecute her. Oh, I made it
public. Oops." But then to Sharon's
point, is anyone going to care?
By the way, one little side note here.
Lindseay Halligan that he put in in
after he fired the career prosecutor
who's conservative and wouldn't uh ruin
his career by uh taking on this case and
unfairly charging this Leticia James or
uh some of these other folks. Anyways,
the so he replaced him with who?
Haligan. Haligan is his personal
attorney as you soon he's gonna have
like the
like the personal injury lawyers that he
used in back in ' 87 when he got into a
car accident. You know, if you've been
in Jersey, the guys who write run the
billboards got hurt in Jersey.com,
right? He's going to use those guys.
Yeah, he he got me $30,000 when someone
bumped into my car. He's now the deputy
attorney general, right? And if you say,
"Oh, come on, Jen. That's an
exaggeration. And I'm sure Lindsay
Haligan has a storied career. You just
don't like her politics. No, she's
literally never tried a criminal case.
You can't get any more unqualified for
this position than that. Never tried a
criminal case. What is she doing here?
Her whole job, And by the way, there's a
a public corruption unit uh and Trump is
using it in the exact wrong way to do
the public corruption. It used to have
30 people in it. It only has two now.
Both Trump's personal attorneys. So
Rando Bob and Rando Jane are in there
going, "Yeah, we're going to only charge
Democrats. It doesn't matter if they did
it or not." Right. And then how about
the actual corruption? There's tons of
corruption from Republicans and
Democrats. Right? There's people
stuffing gold into their suits and stuff
like that. Are you going to do anything
about that? Oh, no. No. It's a twofur
for Trump. Everybody gets to be corrupt
and he loves that. And then but he
prosecutes his opponents. So look,
so all the non-Trump voters, the people
who voted against Trump, we all see
clear as day what he's doing here.
That's that's not an issue. It's not
like somebody's going to be like, "Hey,
you know what? I voted against Trump,
but now that I see that he he's totally
misusing American law and ignoring the
Constitution, I'm in." Okay, that is not
likely, right? So now you look at the
Trump voters, usual thing here. guys on
the right that are extreme love this
kind of stuff. Yeah. Hey, they came
after us. They did it in the wrong way.
So, we should double down. And because
two wrongs or like 18 wrongs, if you
pile them all up, they make it right.
No, they don't. No. It's called
principles. You should look into it.
Okay. Are there some Trump voters who
get turned off by this? Yes. To what
degree will they see it? To what degree
will they hear the truth about it? and
to what degree will it continue to add
up? If it was one thing that Trump did,
Sharon, then I I think that it probably
would not make much of a difference. But
now it's a combination of things to
bring the military into the streets,
charging your political opponents with
nonsense. Uh you know, saying that he
took freedom of speech away, which is
something he said u that we covered on
the show today. Uh and uh just and now
uh something even more nefarious we
covered on the show yesterday, a story
Ken Clippenstein broke about how they're
going to now try to call anyone who uh
they think is against family values,
against Christianity, against America,
against whatever, right? All of these
madeup categories. And they're saying
we're going to call them terrorists and
take away all their rights. So and and
you saw them. Oh, you disagree with
Israel. You wrote an oped against
Israel. That's it. you're arrested and
who try to deport you and put you in a
dungeon and all this stuff. So, when you
have all of that together, I think, and
then we'll see if I'm right or wrong,
but a third of Trump voters
didn't sign up for extremism. They
thought, "Hey, I don't like inflation. I
think the immigration is a little bit
out of control, so I'm going to go in
Trump's direction." When they see all
this, they're going to be like, "Oh, for
and then, by the way, did he do anything
about inflation?" No. Inflation
continues to rise. So eventually people
know the they might not know all the
details of Lindseay Haligan and Leticia
James etc. But they know the price of
eggs and they know what tyranny feels
like. So my guess and is that this
doesn't end well for Trump because he
can't help himself Sharon. He's never
going to get he's never going to be a
sane guy who's like you know what we
really should follow the laws in the
Constitution and I don't need that much
power. I just want to be a president
within the normal confines of the
presidency and I want to push my agenda
through because I really want to help
the average American. That's not who he
is. He's the guy who's like more power.
More power. No one criticizes me. You're
get arrested. You're no one. No one. I
mean power power. Put the military in
the street. That's who he is. That's who
he is. So, and the more he locks people
up, the more unpopular he's going to
get.
So, just to be clear, you believe it's a
cocktail of all of these
self-destructive actions. It's not the
Marjorie Taylor Green speaking up about
now healthcare uh and the thought of
millions of Americans losing it or
having their premium skyrocket. Um it's
not just Epstein, although that is, you
know, again, his self-imposed uh his
destruction here. It's all Trump. It's
not the MAG of people that he's made to
walk the plank like you know the
prosecutor whose name is Escape Me who
said I there's nothing there on Comey
and now he's fired. Yeah. Um I think you
might be right.
>> Yeah. You know lastly on that Sharon
it's I I'll clarify it this way and this
is super rough guys. Okay. But I love
the question Sharon's asking because on
um so I super roughly a third of Trump
voters that are on extreme right. You're
not gonna get them on anything. Trump
says it, they believe it. Trump says
there were no Epstein clients and
they're like, "Yep, no Epstein clients
at all. Whatever Trump says is is 100%
true, and I don't want to listen to
anything else." I don't even think it's
a third, but it it's still it's a
number. It's a big number, but it's a
third. Then there's twothirds who will
agree with us when they agree like, "So,
we agree on Epstein files." So, Trump
can say, "There are no Epstein files."
And that twothirds of Trump voters are
going to go, "No, brother. We said
there's EP. We know there's Epste. We
know there's Epstein clients and that
same twothirds like come on brother you
seem like you're constantly doing
whatever Israel asks you to do and we
didn't say war we said non war. So those
on issues where we have significant
agreement, those two/3s are potentially
uh can join a a bigger coalition. On
issues like this, going after his
political opponents,
you're down to a third of Trump voters
where you could convince them. It's not
like they're going to see it immediately
be like, "Oh, that's it. I'm against
Trump." No, no. They're going to have to
see that cocktail that we've been
talking about and that it's all adding
up. And wait a minute, my Marjorie
Taylor Green's right. My premiums are
doubling. I thought you were going to
help me with prices and now my
healthcare is unaffordable.
Everything at the grocery store is
higher and you're taking away people's
rights. And you said you were for
freedom, but it looks like you're taking
away people's freedom. That third is is
more convincible and and does not like
these things and didn't know that it was
coming. That's my rough sense of it.
>> It'll be interesting. Is Hillary Clinton
next? Um, well, I mean, he doesn't like
her either. He's gotten off of her
lately for the Boltons of the world.
>> Every time you ring the bell below, an
angel gets his swings. Totally not true,
but it does keep you updated on our live
shows.