Emma needed to stare longingly at her
own reflection in the mirror for 34
years to crack the code of her own
identity. I could do it just by
listening to her ramble for two minutes.
She's a pompous, self-indulgent,
insecure snob. For our daily
cancellation today, we have Emma Watson.
The Harry Potter actress appeared on the
J Shetty podcast a few days ago to share
her philosophy of life. And the
conversation ran for two and a half
hours due to the law that was passed uh
you know eight years ago I think it was
requiring that every podcast interview
must be 120 minutes at a minimum.
Nobody's allowed to have a 15-minute
conversation anymore. If you've noticed
that's because like yeah there there you
see all these kind and you think is
there some law require? Yeah, there is
actually
you can't just get a quick update about
Emma Watson's life if for some reason
you were interested in that. Instead,
you need to give you need her entire
life story.
We need her to tell us everything she
thinks about everything. We need every
Emma Watson opinion, thought, musing in
one YouTube video.
We need a we need a video with a runtime
nearly as long as the first Godfather
film except it's just this random
celebrity sitting in a chair and and
rambling,
which by the way,
you know, if you're Joe Rogan, so Joe
Rogan came along and his thing was the
the these these epically long
conversations that are actually
interesting. He's really good at that.
He's good at having an interesting
conversation that goes for three hours.
But just because he did that and he's
good at it and it's popular, it doesn't
mean that every podcaster needs it. You
don't need to do that. Just so you know,
for all the new pod up and cominging
podcasters out there, I don't think this
guy's really up and coming. But for all
the other podcasters and you want to do
the the interview thing, podcast thing,
I was like, I don't think we need
anymore. We've already got plenty of
them. But you you don't need to go for
two and a half hours. And you really
shouldn't actually. Being able to keep a
conversation interesting for that long
is a is like the rarest of skills.
Almost no one has that skill. Joe Rogan
has it. A few other people have it. You
probably don't have it. So, just make it
a 10-minute interview, 15-minute
interview, and and we'll move on. Okay.
Anyway, there was one brief section of
this epic saga of an interview that has
gotten some attention. Um, Emma spoke
out against the violence being inflicted
on people, especially young people,
especially young women.
But she was not talking about the
violent crime epidemic. Certainly was
not talking about the problem of
political violence which is being
inflicted nearly exclusively by the left
on the right. Now this is a different
kind of violence that she's worried
about. Listen,
you talked about how getting asked the
question, when are you getting married
or why aren't you married yet?
Yes.
And that's something every woman's
hearing. What's your reaction when you
hear that?
I'm just so happy not to be divorced
yet. Like that sounds like a really
negative answer, but I just like I think
that we have we're being
pressured and forced into this
thing that like I believe is a kind of
miracle. I might never be worthy of it.
I hope it happens to me. Any point
basically before about a year ago, it
would have been carnage. I just didn't
know myself well enough yet. I didn't
have a clear enough idea of what my
purpose, my vision, like how I was going
to be of service. I didn't know where I
really felt like I needed to be. I think
I have some of those answers now. So,
when I meet someone, I can say, "Hi, I'm
Emma. This is what I care about. This is
where the people I love the most live.
This is where it's meaningful for me to
be in the world." and then they can
decide whether they can see that there's
a way that I can serve what they're
trying to do and they can serve what I'm
trying to do. But before that, like they
would have just got like a very mixed
signal. I mean, there's some parts of me
that have stayed utterly consistent,
but there are some parts that like I was
really still teasing out and figuring
out. And I think it's such a violence
and it's such a cruelty on people and
especially young people I think to make
and especially women to make them feel
like they have no worth or like they
haven't succeeded yet in life because
they haven't forced to its culmination
something that I just don't think can or
should ever be
forced.
So the violence that Emma Watson is
worried about is the violence of asking
somebody when they're going to get
married. It's the violence of pressuring
young people to get married and have
children.
And you know, she'd be making a good
point admittedly if young people were
frequently threatened at gunpoint for
not getting married soon enough. But
that is not exactly a regular occurrence
as far as I know. In fact, in our
society, the pressure to get married is
not only nonviolent,
but is considerably less intense than
it's ever been for any generation of
young people since like the dawn of
humanity.
There is more pressure on someone in
their early 20s to not get married than
there is on someone in their late 20s to
get married. It is like inarguable that
there is less stigma around being
unmarried or marrying late than at any
other point in the history of Western
civilization. Young people today face
less pressure than ever to get married.
But they also complain about the meager
pressure they do experience more than
any other generation ever has. You know,
the term shotgun wedding was coined for
a reason. It used to have a very literal
connotation.
And yet, even back then, nobody
considered the pressure to get married
as an act of violence. That description
is only used now at a time when there is
comparatively speaking basically no
pressure.
And this is of course the pattern on the
left. They they complain that their
lifestyle choices are not accepted.
And the more that those choices are
accepted, the more they complain about
the lack of acceptance.
We we could throw a parade in every city
in the country to celebrate childless
cat ladies. We could have a national
holiday in their honor. We could
renovate the Statue of Liberty so that
she's holding a cat and a glass of white
wine and engrave the words childlessness
is awesome across the front of it. And
still, if even one person amid the
cheering throngs looked at Emma slightly
a scance or god forbid asked her when
she's getting married, still she would
complain that she's being unfair
unfairly pressured. She she would claim
that she's essentially the victim of a
violent crime, which is a very very
close to the exact scenario we've seen
with the LGBT camp. Clamoring for
acceptance, they get way more of it than
they ever should have. And yet their
whines and cries of non-acceptance only
grow louder.
That's how it works with not with
narcissists.
Now, putting that aside, what do we make
of of the rest of Emma's um cat lady
siloquy?
Well, she says that it would have been
carnage had she attempted to get married
before she had figured herself out. Or
in her words, quoting, "If I tried to
get married at any point before about a
year ago, it would have been carnage. I
didn't know myself well enough. I didn't
have a clear idea of my purpose, my
vision, how I was going to be of
service. I didn't know where I really
felt like I needed to be." I think I
have some of those answers now. So, when
I meet someone, I can say, "Hi, I'm
Emma. This is what I care about. This is
where the people I love the most live.
this is where it's meaningful me for me
to be in the world and then they can
decide whether they can see that there's
a way that I can serve what they're
trying to do and they can serve what I'm
trying to do.
It's not clear why it took her until the
age of 35 to figure out where her family
lives.
I don't know what that means. She can
tell people this is where my loved ones
live. It's that do you not have GPS? You
can't you couldn't have figured that out
before. It's also not clear what the
phrase uh this is where it's meaningful
for me to be in the world means.
She's looking for a meaningful place in
the world but still hasn't figured out
how to speak a meaningful sentence might
be part of your problem. If you want to
find meaning in the world, learn how to
speak meaningfully could be the first
step.
But if we could sift through all the
self-actualization mumbo jumbo and get
to the core of her message, such as
there is any kind of core or any kind of
message, she appears to be saying that
she didn't know herself well enough to
get married until about a year ago at
the age of 34. So she had to wait until
she figured out uh herself before she
consider consider getting married. But
there are two big problems with that
approach. And the first is that it's
it's mostly pretentious narcissistic
nonsense. You know, people like Emma
like to think that they're very complex,
deeply nuanced, enigmatic,
which is why it it takes them decades to
understand themselves. And we hear this
all the time from people. I just got to
understand myself. There's so many
there's so many facets to me. I'm so I'm
just so complicated. You never know. I I
I I just don't I don't know. my the vast
tapestry of my identity is is is so it's
so I can't get it's astronomical in its
size. I can't get my arms around it.
Well, it really isn't that complicated.
Uh Emma needed to stare longingly at her
own reflection in the mirror for 34
years to crack the code of her own
identity. I could do it just by
listening to her ramble for two minutes.
She's a pompous, self-indulgent,
insecure snob. So there you go, Emma.
I've figured it out for you. That's the
answer to the riddle. I have just
assembled the jigsaw puzzle of your life
for you. Turns out it wasn't like one of
those hard puzzles with a thousand
pieces. It was more like a Paw Patrol
puzzle for toddlers with four pieces.
The other problem is that to the extent
that you need to sort of come into your
own, find yourself, achieve some level
of personal growth, none of that is
going to happen just by sitting around
and thinking about it. personal growth
and discovery are not achieved by
mentally and emotionally willing them
into existence. And even less are they
achieved the way that I suspect Emma
thinks she achieved it, by watching a
bunch of self-help videos on YouTube and
and doing yoga.
You will grow and figure yourself out by
doing.
Not by thinking in a vacuum, not by
feeling in a vacuum, not by meditating,
not by trying to self-actualize,
but by doing, by taking on the
responsibilities of adulthood.
Yeah. I was not mature enough to get
married when I got married at the age of
25. And if I waited until this magical
moment of of of maturity
to materialize on its own, then I would
I'd still be waiting today at the age of
39.
Um I have grown enough now to be a
father and a husband
because I became a father and a husband.
That that's why why how did I become
qualified to be a father and husband?
Well, I became qualified by doing it.
Was I qualified before I did it? No. How
could I be? I've never done it before.
Am I qualified now? Yeah. I've been
doing it for 14 years.
You know, you grow and come into your
own through responsibility and through
obligation and expectation.
This is what I think a lot of people,
young people and people in my generation
miss
that this obligation, expectation,
responsibility.
You can't wait. You can't say, "Well,
I'll take on all that stuff when I'm
when I feel like I'm ready." You'll
never be ready. Like th that is the fire
in which your grown adult self will be
forged. And if you wait until you feel
ready to enter into that fire, you'll
never be ready. You need to be in the
fire to be ready for it. And I don't
mean to say that family life is like
being burned alive in a fire. I'm not
trying to say that. I'm only saying that
you you need uh friction. You need
pressure. You need toil. You need work
uh in order to create anything good,
anything worthwhile. And this is true,
especially true when it comes to
creating your own mature, responsible,
competent, unselfish adult self.
Now, Emma spent nearly two decades of
her adult life trying to get herself
mentally and emotionally prepared to be
a grown woman, to be a wife and a
mother. But after all that time, she's
no more prepared at 35 than she was at
25 or 22.
Like you can't learn how to swim by
sitting around and staring at the pool.
It doesn't matter how long you stare at
it. You can stare at it for 10 years.
You walk up to the pool, you don't know
how to swim. You say, "I'm going to sit
here and look at it and think about it
until I'm ready. 20 years later, you're
still going to be just as unqualified to
jump in the pool as you were when you
first got there.
There's no way to do it except by
getting into the water." And Emma, like
many women in her generation and many
men, has refused to get in the water.
And now she thinks she'll be able to
swim flawlessly just because she's
psyched herself up for it. If anything,
that false confidence will make her more
likely to drown, not less.
And and the same is true of marriage. By
waiting, by spending nearly two decades
of adult life living for herself, all
she's done is create habits of
selfishness that will make marriage more
difficult, more challenging.
Not impossible, still worth doing, but
it it's it actually adds difficulties.
So, she has achieved the opposite of
what she intended,
but at least she knows where her family
lives now or something. So, that's
that's at least one positive. And that
is why Emma Watson is today cancelled.
If you'd like to see what else I have to
say, you can access my full show by
going to dailywire.com or by going to
the Matt Walsh Show Twitter page. Hope
to see you there. God's speed.