I don't really like saying stuff like
this because it's it can be kind of like
misinterpreted or weird. But whenever I
ended my stream,
I saw a message and it was like 1 minute
ago and it was Emmy saying this had
happened and I I immediately called her
after I had finished my stream. I had to
even make sure that like it was off. And
uh she she didn't like this was before
it had even gone public at all. And I
you know she she didn't really know it
was going to do or anything like that.
And so then this this video came out and
and thank God it came out. Now we can
see what happened. Here it is. Let's
watch it.
So you can see and and and what had
happened is this person came up to her
and they were in another meet and greet
line. That's my understanding. And they
skipped over the line. The security let
them go through. This person then tries
to go and grab her, right? He tries to
grab her. So there you go.
And security basically let this happen.
And you can see
you know, like this is the security. I
Where is Where was the security? He was
like I I didn't even see the guy. He was
like waiting back from there. Uh that
was it. And so uh the guy totally did
this. Wasn't allowed to have our own
security. Uh I don't even really want to
show the clip that much because it's
just disgusting. But uh that's basically
it. And so they banned our private
security. Unacceptable. Well, they did.
They banned So they also Well, I'll go
back and I'll look at this one here. So,
Emiru talks about her favorite security
guard. So, Emiru did have a security
guard. This was from about a week ago,
but TwitchCon had banned that security
guard from going to the event.
>> Maybe I should talk about this whatever.
Who cares? I I've had a sec I had a
security guard two years ago where there
was a guy following me around TwitchCon
and he like asked him to stop multiple
times. My guard asked him and the guy
wouldn't stop. So, he he grabbed the
guy, but he didn't like hurt him. He was
just holding the guy until like the con
security came or came and then for some
reason they're like yeah because your
security guard touched him he's like
perma banned from the venue forever but
he didn't even he didn't even hit him or
anything he just like held him
>> while they waited for like the police to
come and
>> what the [ __ ]
>> and it was like my favorite
have him at TwitchCon anymore.
>> I was just like okay like it it was so
sad cuz he like he did
>> so TwitchCon banned the guy for doing a
citizen's arrest in a way. Uh well yeah
I I don't know really exactly like I I
wouldn't I I don't know exactly but uh
we'll look at the next clip here too. So
yeah uh she had a security guard for
doing this stuff and then uh your
security guard did his job so he's
banned. Is she okay? I mean I I think
okay is a relative term. I mean she's
not hurt uh you know at least
physically. Uh so I mean I think that's
really up to her. Why she still stream
me on Twitch? I mean because where else
are you going to go right? I mean that's
it. I mean, the guy that shoved the
assaultter was actually Emy's own
security. Well, it was a it's more
complicated, right? I mean, like, well,
anyway, I'll go back and we'll look at
this here. So, we've got another one.
And so, this is Twitch right here.
Twitch security. Let streamers bypass
multiple checkpoints. No questions
asked. Here we go.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Just we'll just scan in and
then we're meeting him up front.
>> Okay.
>> Thank you.
>> What? Uh,
>> okay.
Oh, okay. Just
>> see Danny's really good at just being
ultra confident about everything and uh
>> we just walk past.
>> Which one's which?
>> Um,
>> so
>> yeah, thank you.
>> Haven't I sent a message to her? See if
she's all right.
Yeah, I Yeah, sure. But like I don't
want to I don't want to go and tell you
guys how she's doing like cuz it it's
just it I feel like it's not my place to
discuss her her well-being.
That's all. It's out of respect.
I mean this is a very this is a huge
invasion of her privacy. This event
happening h having even talk about it.
Twitch lying about it. They lied in
their statement about it.
>> Thank you.
>> My Oh, there he is.
>> Where is he? Oh, I see him.
>> He's over there.
>> So, you see all the meet and greets.
>> Hey,
>> we're with Espan's team, so we're just
going to go through this. Thank you.
Thank you. Yeah,
>> wait on the other way.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Ma'am, is
this a Wendy's?
>> Ma'am, this is a McDonald's.
>> So, how do you think it happened?
>> I think I've got an idea. I think I've
got a I I've got a good uh you know,
maybe Ooh, there might be a reason why
this could be happening. And uh looks
very secure. Yeah, very very secure,
guys. Just like they do with their toos.
Say what you want, but at least they're
consistent with their incompetence.
Twitch security be like, "Yeah, there it
is." The folks in a security seems to be
some people wearing lime green shirts
hoping that the color is so obnoxious
that it would scare off the attackers.
It doesn't seem to be working. And so
you've got another one and this is uh
Twitch contract required. Emu Sou was
required I I hope that I'm not
overspeaking here. Uh I was required to
do a meet and greet in order to do her
cosplay competition at Twitch Gun.
So, I had to cancel my meet and greet
because of the stuff.
>> But in order to it's I can't cancel my
meet and greet and not cancel her show
because of the fact that the reason I
cancel my meet and greet is I don't want
to be in the same place for two hours.
>> I wonder why
>> people being weird.
>> Okay.
>> And then I'm under contract with them.
So, I can't cancel one and not cancel
the other. Interesting. A
>> I kicked my mean and greet cuz I wanted
to keep my show. I'm sure I'm sure it
will be fine.
>> Sorry, Emmy.
>> I'm sure everyone will be nice.
>> Yep.
>> Oh god.
>> Oh man. And uh check Senna's tweet about
this. Yeah, but it's it's it's not
really about like Senna's situation is
is different. Like I'm talking really
about Emy's situation. Uh there was no
obligation. I'm not talking about
Senna's situ. There was no obligation to
do the meet and greet, but I don't know
if that applied to Maru. It did as well.
It didn't.
It didn't. It was a different situation.
I I I
know a lot about this.
Like I I I I know what I know what
happened here. Like I I I I don't know
everything, but I know a lot.
And so that's why I I'm uh so Emma Emmy
was forced to be a petting zoo by Twitch
basically. Yes. Uh that's right. And
they they held her show hostage by that.
She she was you know I I think she was
kind of reluctant to do it but she did
it anyway. And that's basically it. I
mean it's just disgusting. It it
absolutely is disgusting. This is after
they banned her security guard. And this
is again Twitchcon at Kendi allegedly
snuck into Amaru's applicantonly meet
and greet line. So here we go. This is
the Twitter stream. So, let's see the
quality on this.
>> Uh, now that I'm done with the with the
meet and greet, I might as well tell you
guys. Uh, now that I'm done with the
with the meet and greet, I might as well
tell you guys. Whoa, look at this BMW.
>> I might as well tell you guys what the
I'm sorry. I might as well tell you guys
what the [ __ ] I actually did to get into
into the line. Hey, I snuck in. I don't
know what else to say.
I was in line waiting for the meet and
greet
and I figured
>> well I got some intel
that the uh that you had to that you had
to make a reservation for the meet and
greet in the beginning of October.
I never did that. I never did that. I
just knew where I had to be and I
executed.
And that's how you got to be.
I didn't prepare for this, but I was
ready for it.
>> And he didn't do the thing is like,
yeah, he did something wrong. He
shouldn't have done that. But imagine if
that person was malicious. Is this a
2enter? No, he's just a clown. But like,
what really matters? Why are people self
snitching? Uh, I have no idea why
they're self snitching. I I really have
no idea. But I think that he's really
just going to show that they just didn't
give a [ __ ] I think that's really what
he's doing. He's saying basically,
"Damn, bro." Like, they didn't really
give a [ __ ] about this at all, huh?
Like, wow. Damn. Like, damn. They dumb
as [ __ ] right? Twitch won't ban him. I
don't even know if he's on Twitch or
not, but anyway. So, the point that I'm
making is that clip from a Twitter
stream of streamer recounts their
experience allegedly sneaking into the
line where you're supposed to wait if
you applied in October and then the
metr. I don't know if he said Emaru in
this or not, but Dan said TwitchCon is
basically Fort Knox. Yeah. And I guess
all the gold's gone. And so, uh,
top-notch security. Um, one notch
security. Uh, holy [ __ ] Security was
horrid. That would imply that it
existed. I hope she sues. We'll see what
happens. Absolute joke of a security
team. I mean, are they even trying? No,
they're not. If I were any popular
streamer at the event, I would leave.
Staying there only promotes their
behavior like this to continue. And so,
there it is. And so, uh, what a joke.
Poor organization. support uh
non-professional security. There you go,
too. And uh Teimu Fort Knox. Yeah, I
guess so. And so, uh should she should
she sue? I I think that is not something
that I would want to discuss publicly
right now. Um, I understand you guys
want me to give uh, you know, juicy
details and all that stuff, but uh, you
know, I am I try to be as professional
as I can be, and I try to respect
people's privacy to the greatest extent
that I can, especially in regards to
people that I am friends with, and I try
to absolutely act in their best interest
at all times, even whenever it's not
good for content. So, I apologize. I'm
not going to be making any more comments
on that. So, this is a very this is a
legitimately serious issue. And so, I
there it is. We want blood. I I
don't worry. Okay.
Don't worry. It's all I'll say.
There will be accountability.
There will be.
But how will that manifest? It is
uncertain.
And just before I get in trouble,
metaphorical blood. Nobody's going to
get [ __ ] hurt. And if they do, it's
going to be Twitch's fault because they
let it happen at their own [ __ ] event
before people take that out of context
again where they try to ban me for
saying this.
Um, it just Yeah, I in Minecraft. No,
it's it's it's metaphorical. Uh, not
Minecraft. It doesn't help. But so, and
uh let's see here if I can find it. And
uh let's see here. Live stream the
lawsuit. Yes, sure. Right. And um
anyway, let me go back over here and uh
I'll look at the rest. So, Jockey Fish
here, new Twitch tweet. Uh new Twitch
tweeted out about this again. Uh let me
see what Twitch said and and let's see
if there is a response. compete in
exclusive State Farm gamerhood
challenge. Okay, that's really about it.
And let's see, did they say anything
else? No, they didn't. They didn't. This
is just another advertisement. And that
that's nothing else, right? I mean, it's
just their social media manager. There
it is. And so, this is really Twitch
responds. Let's let's get to that. I'm
going to get to that. The man that
attacked Emiru may have had a knife. So,
this is a frame by frame. He moves his
hand up. Obviously, I've seen all these
things.
Now,
I I I I don't like I mean to say the guy
had a knife, it was a pen, it probably
was a pen, but I mean I've seen I mean
John Wick I've seen the the Dark Knight.
Uh I don't think that really makes a
difference, does it? I mean, you can do
some damage with a pen, too. So really
the fun like really what is the real
problem here? The real problem here is
that a person with malicious intent was
allowed to approach a creator with no
vetting and no security.
Whether or not this person had a knife
is beside the point.
If they had a uh brass knuckles, if they
had a rock, if they had a a a key, if
they had a shank, if they had uh a
knife, a pen, anything, they could have
hurt somebody, right? It's the intent
that matters, right? And the intent,
like a man that of that size compared to
a woman of that size. Uh, it could be
almost anything and you could like I
mean if you had something like this, you
could [ __ ] uh irreversibly change
somebody's life if there's that big of a
power difference and a size difference
between you and that person, right? I
mean, let's be honest. That's just the
first thing that's on my [ __ ] desk.
And so, uh, instantly over. Exactly. So,
so really it's about the intent. And so,
anyway, Emu was warned TwitchCon vibes
were off. Oh, here we go.
I haven't se I've not seen this one.
I haven't really felt this. And then
also,
>> I haven't really felt this way, but I've
heard so many streamers basically be
like, "The vibes are off this year. I
don't want to go this year. I don't want
to stream there this year." So, I'm I'm
like, "Oh, well, I guess if everyone
else feels that way, this may be a a
good bandwagon to hop on perhaps."
So, let's go back over and this is her
statement on it and uh had a gut
feeling. I mean, it wasn't a gut
feeling. Plenty of people told her this,
right? I mean, they said this to her in
general, right? I mean, let's be honest.
And so, instinct tried. It wasn't
instinct. It was people. People told her
this and other people did this. And and
again like you know Emmy is a you know
she is a she is a put your best foot
forward try to be nice try to be
cooperative. She is a people pleaser.
She will try to plate people and she
does so to I think her own detriment in
a lot of regards and it's one of the
reasons why I've defended her in a lot
of these situations is because I feel
like it it's just
it's wrong it's wrong to take advantage
of a person like that.
It is. And
I mean somebody needs to say something.
somebody needs to do something
if I mean what what the [ __ ] else what
what else is there to say? That's the
reason.
So
anyway, uh let me go back and I'm going
to show I'm going to read her her her
statement last, okay? Uh just so I can
do everything in order, right? In
chronological order because Twitch
actually did make a statement about this
themselves. Okay? So Twitch made a
statement about what they what what
happened etc. And uh I thought this
statement was uh it was cute. It was a
cute statement
uh you know written by the legal and uh
you know really uh really uh very really
showed that they cared. Very cute. And
so this is what they said. The safety
and security of all those attending
TwitchCon is our highest priority.
I guess not. The behavior displayed by
the individual involved in the incident
yesterday involving a high-profile
streamer was completely unacceptable and
deeply unsettling. In line with existing
TwitchCon security protocols, law
enforcement and event security were on
site and responded to the incident.
I'm going to just read what she said so
I don't accidentally speak out of
information.
In Twitch's statement, they said the guy
was immediately caught and detained. I'm
sorry, but that is a blatant lie. He was
allowed to walk away from my meet and
greet, and I didn't hear that he was
caught until hours after he attacked me.
And it felt like only this this only
happened because my manager was pressing
for it, not because TwitchCon staff uh
present thought it was a big deal.
I want to repeat myself.
It's even worse than this.
So
Jesus Christ, yes, it is. It's
sickening. and and and unfortunately
I you know I'm I'm the kind of person
like I tell us more.
Unfortunately the worst stuff is going
to be uh it was communicated verbally.
The first thing when I heard about this
is I was looking for for messages and
and and text for it, right? Uh but
unfortunately it was communicated
verbally. Uh, I will let Emmy if she
chooses to explain the details.
So that that's that's her decision. But
anyway, did Twitch set her up? I mean,
not I mean indirectly, yes. And so
that's it. And uh anyway, let's go back
over here. If I look at this, we
immediately blocked this individual from
returning to the TwitchCon premises. A
lie. And now they are banned
indefinitely from Twitch, both online
and in-person events.
The most important word here.
Never mind. I I actually just added that
word in myself. Now they are banned. Now
they are banned, which is good.
That's good. It's good that they It's
good that they banned them.
Now they are banned.
And so we are coordinating with the
impacted creators team and as per our
standard protocols, continue to
cooperate with any law enforcement
investigations. We have increased
security at the meet and greet attendee
check-in point and will have additional
security personnel surrounding
participating streamers. If you've RSVPd
for a meet and greet, please note that
we are unable to accommodate plus ones
for the remainder of the event. Twitch
has a zero tolerance policy for
harassment. In fact, that's not true.
That's a lie. You don't have a zero
harassment zero zero tolerance. You have
some tolerance
uh and and acts that inhibit the safety
and security of our community. So,
they're lying.
almost everything about this is a lie or
it is a misrepresentation
and I want to go ahead and look at so so
and and obviously whenever this happened
a lot of people went back and they were
talking about the fact that I I had gone
out and I had said uh what do you call
let's see here Twitch they're all
incompetent they obviously were security
prior to messaging me wouldn't uh that
they would show up with a gun and shoot
me I don't remember it being talked
about super seriously yeah this has
happened. By the way, for any girl uh
there have been so many instances news
footage surfaced of the man who
assaulted Emiru freely walking outside
of TwitchCon.
I don't know if this is the person. It
looks like the person. Uh that's this
person right here.
It sure looks like the person. So
whenever Twitch said that they
immediately took action, they lied.
And they lied to everybody. They lied to
you. And the reason why they lied to you
is because they think you're a [ __ ]
[ __ ] They think their streamers are
[ __ ] retards. And the people that are
running the event are also [ __ ]
retards.
That's it. That's the reason why
they disrespect your intelligence. They
lie to your face in an event with
cameras everywhere thinking that somehow
they're going to have the upper hand.
That's not the same person. I don't know
about that. Sure looks like the same
person.
Sure looks like it.
Also, I can just say they did not they
did not try to stop the guy. He could
have walked out.
He could have walked out. And uh I I
know that for a fact. And so anyway, uh
I I did make a response to this as well.
And uh this is some other bull. Well, I
I I made two responses. Number one, I
said this uh I think this will be this
will be and I said parenthesis should be
the last year of TwitchCon.
Um, obviously this is what's going to
happen. I mean, it kind of goes without
saying, but uh yeah, I mean I I I don't
I don't see anybody ever going to
TwitchCon ever again?
Like I it it's over.
It It's It's done. This is the last like
I I mean, how do you how do you come
back from this?
Do you think this would have happened if
it was 6 to 8 years ago? Yeah, it did.
It did. Every year stuff like this
happens at Twitchcon. It's just a lot of
times it wasn't talked about.
It happened this year. There was a video
of it. Emaru is really popular so people
know about it. And also you have people
like me that cover it. But yeah, it's
been happening every year.
Every year. Well, ask anybody um anybody
that's gone to TwitchCon. There's so
many instances
of weird [ __ ] like this happening.
I don't understand why a streamer went
there to begin with. Yeah. And uh play
by Max with 20 bodyguards doesn't
suddenly sound like a bad idea. Yeah.
Yeah. Sure. Right. And uh anyway, uh so
I I'll go back and I'll look at this. So
I did make a longer statement about this
because I had said originally Aspen Gold
urges women to avoid TwitchCon 2025. I
said that if I was a woman, I would
never go to TwitchCon. And uh I said
this might be a bit of a longer post.
Sorry. And I will explain why I said
that. Uh to expand on this statement,
the reason I said this actually had
nothing to do with Charlie Kirk or any
other civil unrest this year. Well, of
course, that's an agitating variable. It
wasn't the reason. Last year at
TwitchCon, NMP lol and Wake Wilder were
sexually assaulted live on camera.
Twitch made no statement and pretended
like it didn't happen.
That type of behavior is disgusting,
wrong, and has no place in civilized
society. Anyone with a brain knew that
if this had happened to a female creator
at the time, Twitch's response would
have been to have would have been
completely different. Anyone without a
brain had that proven last night. That
was with Emer. And I had said this even
then. That was the clip that I played at
the beginning of the show. And so to me,
this proved an undeniable cynical
reality. Twitch doesn't care about
sexual assault. They care about the
optics of sexual assault. If they had
cared, they would have approached it
with men in the same way. This proves
their motives are driven by optics, not
rather than principle. Under that
reasoning, it could be assumed that
Twitch, why would Twitch uh that Twitch
would allow the same thing to happen
again this year? Why wouldn't they? They
got away with it last year. That was the
true reasoning behind what I said. That
was why even now Twitch refuses to
apologize to Amaru or even name her.
Innocuous to the uninitiated but obvious
to the informed.
They are refusing to apologize because
it could be used against them in a
lawsuit. They are refusing to name her
because it could to avoid boosting SEO,
search engine optimization, connecting
the company to this event, and to not
further spread her name in the hopes
that it will minimize this controversy.
In front of everyone, they put optics
over principle and insult your
intelligence by assuming that you're too
stupid to see it. Actions speak louder
than words, and what people avoid saying
often reveals their true intent. I
apologize that sometimes whenever I
speak on issues that I do in such a way
that is brash and offensive and it
polarizes people against me. When things
like this happen, it makes me think
about that a lot. Could I have made a
bigger difference if I was less of an
[ __ ] Maybe. Stay safe, trust your
instincts, and believe what you see and
not what you hear.
So,
I felt like I had to say something about
this. Um there's one question that has
been coming up on social media um just
in terms of safety and security um at
TwitchCon in light of recent events. So
I want to be very clear. We take
security at our events like TwitchCon
extremely seriously. Um every year we
build on successful approach to
TwitchCon safety and security.
>> Like last year you allowed two male
streamers to be sexually assaulted and
this year you've allowed a female
streamer to be sexually assaulted and
those are just the ones that we know
about on camera right now.
So you are truly building on it.
You're you are building
>> clearly as we become aware of new or
emerging um security or safety
challenges. So we have teams focused on
this year round um including keeping
creators.
>> Fire them.
Fire every single one of them. They
don't know what they're doing.
Either you don't know what they're
doing. They don't know what they're
doing. Or none of you know what they're
doing.
because one of those has to be the
answer.
>> Community men that are safe safe on
Twitch or at TwitchCon.
>> See, this is what I was saying. Like,
where there's smoke, there's fire. If
you have a moderation team that can't
even figure out how to ban somebody
who's making an active threat against
another streamer openly to their
audience
and this has happened multiple times.
You know how like there's like that
ancient Chinese proverb where it's like,
oh well, you know, where's the world and
it's on top of a turtle and then where's
the turtle and that's on top of another
turtle and then where's that turtle?
It's turtles all the way down. Well,
this is retards all the way down.
That's it.
The entire thing is [ __ ]
Elephants, too. Yeah. Um, we have rules
and standards regarding TwitchCon
attendees that they have to follow. Um,
we limit, for example, if people have
been indefinitely suspended, off-service
violations, they're not able to attend.
Um, we also look for um things that need
to protect our streamers and any other
issues.
>> Well, that didn't happen.