If history repeats, then the crypto bull
market will end in the next few months
and the crypto bare market will begin
sometime in 2026. The recent market
wipeout caused by Donald Trump's
reescalation of the trade war with China
and the subsequent record crypto
liquidations may have accelerated this
timeline. That said though, when exactly
the bare market begins is up for debate,
but being prepared for it is key to
surviving. So, how can you best prepare
for the next bare market? How will you
know when it started? How will you know
when it's over? And could it be
different from previous bare markets?
This could be something completely
different.
Today, we're going to answer all those
questions and more. My name is Guy and
you're watching the Coin Bureau.
First though, nothing in this video is
financial advice. It's educational
content to inform you about crypto bare
markets. And if you appreciate this kind
of content, smash that like button and
let us know in the comments when you
think the next bare market will come.
Now, let's start with a bit of context.
As most of you will know, crypto follows
a 4-year cycle wherein the fourth year
is the most bullish, meaning it contains
all-time highs for Bitcoin and most
altcoins. Assuming history is repeating
and the 4-year cycle is still intact,
then we are in that fourth year. It may
not feel like that if you hold altcoins,
but remember that most altcoin gains
come at the very end and they come very
fast. So, if we are in the fourth year
of the 4-year cycle, which seems likely,
then what comes next is the first year
of the next cycle, which is the most
bearish, meaning it contains the cycle
lows for Bitcoin and most altcoins. FYI,
Bitcoin has historically bottomed around
one year after its previous 4-year cycle
top. So, be sure to keep that in mind
when it becomes clear that the Bitcoin
top is in. On that note, another thing
to keep in mind is that cycle lows for
Bitcoin typically correspond to some
bearish catalyst that makes you feel
like it's all over for crypto. This
usually involves a deleveraging event
wherein a large crypto project or
company that took on lots of debt during
the bull market is finally liquidated,
resulting in a forced sale of Bitcoin
and other cryptos that causes one final
flush lower. The obvious example here is
the FTX exchange which collapsed in
November 2021. Bitcoin and most altcoins
bottomed a few weeks later. But of
course, it's easy to forget that history
doesn't repeat. It rhymes. So next time
it probably won't be a crypto exchange.
It could be a different entity like a
poorly managed Bitcoin treasury company
going under and selling BTC. But let's
back up a bit. The cryptobear market is
still months away. So, how exactly can
you prepare for it now? Well, for
starters, you can avoid doing the thing
that will cause most individuals and
institutions to get wrecked during the
bare market, and that's to take on too
much leverage. In plain English, you
want to minimize the amount of money
that you've borrowed inside and outside
of crypto as soon as possible. This is
simply because when the crypto market
starts falling, any crypto collateral
you're using could be liquidated,
leaving you with nothing or less if
you're borrowing uncolateralized using
cards and banks. More importantly,
chances are that the catalyst which
kickstarts the next crypto bare market
will be bad for the overall economy. And
this means that you could be in a
situation where you're strapped for cash
whilst also wrecked. And the risk of
this seems to be especially high this
time around because even though some
economies like the US's are technically
looking fine at a high level, the
situation on the ground seems to be a
bit different. Many people are
reportedly struggling to find jobs. And
though many claim that this is because
of AI, it could just be because most
people were working so-called
jobs that didn't need to exist anyways.
And you can learn more about that rabbit
hole down in the description. So, this
is a kind of long- winded way of saying
that you want to reduce and ideally
eliminate as much debt as you can before
the crypto bull market is over and
ideally have some savings in case the
economy turns sour in 2026. That way,
you won't get liquidated on the way down
and you'll actually have some cash on
hand to accumulate crypto during the
bare market, especially at its lows when
times are toughest. Now, the second way
to prepare for the crypto bare market is
to set realistic expectations for how
low crypto prices could go, how long the
bare market will last, and how long the
recovery will take. For reference, it's
common for Bitcoin to fall by 70 to 80%
from cycle highs to bare market lows.
And it's likely that most altcoins will
fall by much more, like literally 90 to
99% plus. Before you drop a comment
about how this time is different and
Bitcoin won't fall as much because of
institutional adoption or whatever, here
are two sobering things to consider. The
first is that most spot Bitcoin ETFs are
currently held by retail investors and
most of the money Bitcoin treasury
companies have been using to buy BTC
appears to have come from other large
players in the crypto market. The second
thing to consider is that it's not the
buyers that matter on the way down, it's
the sellers. In case you forgot, crypto
bare market bottoms are usually caused
by a deleveraging event where some
crypto project or company is finally
liquidated and forced to sell its
holdings. News flash, but cryptobear
markets tend to start in the same way.
Some catalyst that causes a load of
liquidations. And when these
liquidations start, they're extremely
hard to stop, particularly when they're
starting from all-time highs in the
market. Given how much leverage has been
built up by that point, it's likely that
anyone who tries to catch that falling
knife will get their hands cut off. And
it's guaranteed that any large investors
looking to accumulate crypto know this.
They will wait until later to start
buying. And speaking of which, this fits
handin glove with how long the crypto
bare market will last. Once again, it's
worth remembering what happened in
previous crypto bare markets. First,
something happened that caused a wave of
long liquidations that overpowered any
buyers stepping in to buy the dip.
Eventually, something happened that
caused the final liquidation that
translated to the cycle lows. And then
came the public outrage. governments,
central banks, regulators, even key
players in crypto, they would all come
out after the fact to ask what went
wrong, as if excessive leverage wasn't
the culprit every single time. Now,
logically, this doesn't exactly
encourage people, to step in and buy the
dip. On the contrary, it tends to be a
huge turnoff to investors, mostly large
investors, who care about compliance.
And that, ladies and gentlemen, is why
it takes so long for the crypto market
to recover after it bottoms. Large
investors want nothing to do with
crypto. Most small investors are too
scared to buy the dip. And the few that
do have the courage to do so tend to be
strapped for cash due to not properly
managing their portfolio in the months
leading up to the bare market. So, be
sure to rewatch the first part of this
video. Now, this begs the question of
how long it will take for the crypto
market to recover once it bottoms. The
answer ultimately depends on the crypto
in question. If there's anything we've
learned from Ben Cowan this cycle, it's
that altcoins are the last to recover
and rally. Bitcoin is always the first
to recover, followed by large cap
altcoins and eventually medium and small
cap altcoins. And this can take years.
But you'll recall that altcoins see
their largest gains in the final phase
of the crypto bull market and that we
appear to be entering this final phase.
And if you want to maximize your altcoin
gains, then you need to trade on a top
tier exchange. How does $50,000 in
signup bonuses sound? Or how about a new
iPhone giveaway? Well, we have an
amazing competition right now with
BitGet, a top tier global exchange with
all the features and coin support you
need. If you sign up and create an
account right now using this QR code or
hitting the link in the description, not
only will you be able to take advantage
of that bonus, but you'll also be
entered into a competition to win a
brand new iPhone. The winner will be
announced on one of our Monday live
streams. So sign up right now while this
competition is still on because it won't
be around for long. Anyhow, this relates
to the third way to prepare for the
crypto bare market and that's to
remember what we just learned. It takes
years for the crypto market to recover.
The recovery starts with Bitcoin while
altcoins can struggle to recover right
up until the final phase of the
four-year cycle. Now, this is the one
thing that's been different about this
cycle, but we'll come back to all of
that later. This raises a bigger
question though, and that's what you
should do when the crypto market starts
to recover. I'll start by repeating that
nothing in this video is financial
advice. It's just telling you how things
worked in previous cryptobear markets.
That said, the answer is to stick mostly
with Bitcoin until Bitcoin dominance
shows clear signs of falling on
longerterm time frames. That's yet
another hard lesson many have learned
this cycle. And it's yet another lesson
that would have been easier to learn by
looking at past cycles. Historically
speaking, Bitcoin dominance bottoms
close to the bare market lows and starts
rising after that, which makes sense.
That final flush is what destroys the
liquidity pipe to the crypto market with
only Bitcoin slowly getting drops as the
pipe is fixed. It takes a long time for
that liquidity pipe to get fixed because
it involves putting bad actors in
prison, introducing new regulations,
letting old crypto projects and
companies die, and all that other stuff
we discussed. You know, the stuff that
keeps large investors out of crypto
after bare market lows. And how can you
tell when the liquidity pipe is finally
starting to get filled? Again, look at
Bitcoin dominance. When you start to see
Bitcoin dominance showing signs of
weakness on longerterm time frames like
the weekly and monthly, that means the
liquidity pipe is closer to being fixed
and more liquidity is starting to find
its way into altcoins. But again, this
liquidity pipe isn't fixed until we
enter the final year of the crypto
cycle. And even then, the liquidity
doesn't start flowing in size into
altcoins until the very end. And how can
you tell when the liquidity pipe is
finally starting to get filled? Again,
look at Bitcoin dominance. If you can
see that Bitcoin dominance is starting
to enter a long-term downtrend on the
monthly chart, then that's confirmation
that liquidity is finally starting to
flow beyond Bitcoin and into altcoins.
But again, this liquidity flows into the
larger altcoins first. Smaller altcoins
only get liquidity at the end. Still,
this doesn't change the fact that when
Bitcoin dominance starts falling on
longerterm time frames, it's time to
start rotating out of Bitcoin and into
altcoins, primarily large caps. And in
case you're wondering, yes, Bitcoin
dominance has been falling on the
monthly since July. This suggests that
it's likely to continue heading lower in
the coming months with a few big bounces
along the way. The hard part is figuring
out exactly where Bitcoin dominance will
bottom. And that happens to be the most
critical part because a bottom in
Bitcoin dominance often corresponds to
the top for most altcoins. Historically,
Bitcoin dominance bottomed somewhere in
the 40 to 45% range. But there is one
big caveat here, and that's that Bitcoin
dominance is warped by various factors
like new token unlocks. What this means
is that Bitcoin dominance could bottom
at significantly higher or lower levels
compared to previous cycles. But as far
as this cycle is concerned, it's prudent
to remember that this time isn't
different. This means that Bitcoin
dominance will fall somewhere down to
the 40 to 45% range. It's anyone's guess
when exactly that will happen. All that
we know is that it's likely to be the
top for altcoins. And this brings me to
the biggest question of all, and that's
whether the next crypto bare market will
be different from the previous ones. The
answer here fundamentally depends on
whether the structure of the crypto
market has changed enough in this cycle
for the next cycle to be different. Some
would argue that the structure of the
crypto market has changed, whereas
others would argue that it hasn't.
Arguments in favor include the launch of
spot crypto ETFs, not just for Bitcoin,
but also for altcoins like Ethereum and
Salana. There have also been a whole
slew of pro- crypto regulations passed
in the US and elsewhere, which have
permanently changed the structure of
crypto's pipes, so to speak. The ease at
which onchain markets have become more
accessible is probably the most
substantial change there. Now, arguments
against include the fact that even
though crypto's market structure has
changed, it's the same liquidity flowing
through the pipes. It's a small select
group of institutions plus crypto
companies and a load of retail investors
who are essentially gambling to get
ahead. Most importantly though, we're
seeing the exact same dynamics of
leverage rapidly building up, like
pressure building in the pipes. Now, at
first glance, you might think that these
perspectives are at odds. Upon closer
inspection, however, you realize that
both arguments are valid at their core.
Yes, the structure of the crypto market
has changed, but yes, it is still the
same liquids putting pressure on the
pipes. This means that the pipes will
probably burst again, but the repair
could be faster and the liquidity could
start flowing faster, too. In plain
English, the crypto market structure
could keyword could have changed enough
this cycle that the next cryptobear
market may not be as long. But the fact
that we're seeing record levels of
leverage building up means the draw down
could be just as deep as previous
cycles. So, put these two together and
you have a crypto bare market that looks
more like a V-shaped recovery. Now, to
be clear, this won't mean that crypto
would be back to new all-time highs
within a few weeks. It would still take
months for Bitcoin to fall and for
everything to find a bottom. But it's
the recovery part that could be faster.
Come to think of it, that would mostly
depend on how well overleveraged
entities can hang on during the bare
market and whether there could be any
crypto bailouts from bigger players. To
refresh your memory, large crypto
projects and companies initially offered
bailouts to smaller projects and
companies during the 2022 bare market.
In retrospect, they didn't do much to
stop the crash, but they did help ensure
that many crypto projects and companies
survived to see another cycle. It's also
worth highlighting that cooperative
survival instinct in crypto when times
get seriously tough. Not only that, but
it's worth underscoring too the fact
that the crypto giants that survived the
previous cycle have since become
behemoths. Take Tether for instance.
There were genuine concerns that USDT
would depger
concerns that regulators would go after
Tether when they went after Binance
later that year. But Tether survived and
now it's bigger than ever. To put things
into perspective, Tether made a $13
billion profit in 2024. Not revenue,
profit. That is a staggering number, and
it's a massive war chest that could be
used to protect the crypto industry
during a bare market. The catch is that
Tether's protective actions could focus
on companies and projects affiliated
with Bitcoin rather than altcoins, more
so since Tether has begun launching its
own layer ones. and you can learn more
about them in the description. Now, if
we're correct that Tether could step in
to rescue Bitcoin related companies and
projects, this means that Bitcoin may
not fall as much as in previous cycles
just because the entities which would
normally be forced to liquidate BTC
could get a bailout from Tether. It goes
without saying though that most altcoins
would be absolutely decimated in this
scenario, but many do have years of
runway saved up. This means that the
next crypto cycle could be marked by
greater Bitcoin dominance relative to
altcoins, but also a cycle where the
Bitcoin dominance measure could still
fall just because we're likely to see
other sectors like stable coins and
tokenized RWAs grow their market share.
Now, it's fun to think about these
scenarios, but just remember this time
is not different until it is. So, don't
get too excited or too upset, but
remember, those who are prepared for
what comes next will end up being the
biggest winners. And if you made it this
far and want to learn more about how
crypto es and flows, then be sure to
check out our video about how the crypto
market works using the link in the top
right. Thanks as always for watching,
and I'll see you again soon. This is
Guy. Over and out.