This is how to get from a 10 handicap to
a scratch handicap. And I'm going to
show you how to do it and the reality of
it. As a scratch golfer, what I want to
do here into the breeze first hole of
the day is make sure I hit that green. I
want to hit a club that's going to carry
that bunker. That means I'm going to
play to the back edge of this green to
the right. The pin's tucked on the left.
If I pull it, I've got a tough chip.
Middle of the green. Two putt. Let's get
out of here with a three. All we need is
center green. Conservative target. It
lets me hit a cocky ass swing.
Then when I do tug it like I inevitably
do, it's going to hold onto the left
side. I now have a putt next to the hole
here instead of a short-sided chip or a
bunker shot that saves a whole shot.
We're not trying to save fraction of
shots. Don't let that stuff get in your
head. We're trying to save full shots.
And this is one way a 10 handicap can do
it by aiming correctly for the best case
and the worst case.
Okay, very important concept to play
scratch golf even as a 10 handicap.
Target selection. I see it very often
going at targets you haven't calculated.
You haven't taken into account your shot
shape or your shot dispersion. You can
use shot pattern app, a GPS or a
rangefinder to see where you're going.
What can you not reach? Hit to that. But
how do we hit to that? That fairway in
the bunk is 310 yards away. I'm not
going to reach it. How do I get to
there? I have to pick a target to aim to
make the ball land toward that area.
What's my dispersion? What's my shot?
Okay, we've got 120 yards remaining
here. And I know that is perfect for my
48° because my 48° goes between 118 and
127. So, we want to get that distance
dispersion long and short much more
consistent more than left and right.
left and right at a 10 handicap, you
should be getting, especially in the
wedge range, pretty good left and right
dispersion, not too far off line. Now,
we need to get the dispersion and learn
it and get a better strike. So, when we
get in a position, we know we're going
to be long and short the correct
distance, say
just a beautiful little 48° little ride
of the pin. Oh, money. The game inside
wedge range is basically a par three
course. We have to get in around the
around the course in level threes even
par. We can't be going way over par once
we get inside wedge range. We can't be
taking four shots to get up and down a
lot of the time. And that's all cool. We
just have to get through the first few
holes level par and we're in a good
position to take advantage. And that's
how it goes. We're not perfect straight
off the bat. It takes 100% commitment to
play scratch golf. You can't hit shots
with no commitment. If you shoot scratch
golf with no commitment, you could have
shot a 65. I have to find a way to
commit to that bunker way at the end
there and swing to that without fearing
the left.
So, I think I've done that.
Going to aim left edge of that bunker.
10 handicap is very good golfer. Any 10
handicapper has a five handicap in them.
I guarantee it. just decisions, short
game and mental game. Committing two
shots, the correct shot. We have a shot
to a raised green here, 114 yds, and
it's in the fairway into the green. So,
I'm going to take my 48°, which is 125
yd club, cuz we're uphill. I'm playing
to the back edge. The pin's close to the
front. I just want to make sure I get up
there. I don't want to stay short and
have a tough chip. That's a decision
that can make one shot difference. And
we're going to go at the pin in case we
pull it cuz there's space toward the
left. We're not going to fade it in
general. So, we're absolutely money
not go positions. We have to increase
the upside, reduce the downside. I've
seen the burn markers near you. So, this
is all downhill down grain, but I'm on
the right level. This is going to get me
up and down eight out of 10 times. Down
there, four out of 10 times. So, I've
doubled my chances by hitting one more
club than I should have. Like, if I
catch a good 52, I'm next to the hole.
If I don't, I spin down the hill. Not
good. So, with this, I'm going to aim a
little short, maybe 4 ft,
and just let the slope take it down.
Stop there. Stop there. It's very quick
down the grain here. And anything with a
twoft tap in is absolutely money.
There we go. We're going to see a nice
be big beautiful fade.
Okay, we hit a crap one. Now, what you
may not know is that scratch golfers are
principled people. And I don't mean
principle as in like actually I do
higher level, higher order thinking. How
far am I from the hole here? What's my
principle for par fives? Okay, I got 283
remaining, but I don't want to have
myself a partial wed shot up a hill.
Okay, I have principles. I don't like
partial wedge shots to raise greens. I
don't want to be between 40 or 35 and 85
yards into the par five. So, my
principle is get this ball to a wedge
range, full wedge range. The shorter the
wedge, the better, because then I can go
high, land it on the green above me, and
it will stop. I don't have to control
distances. I don't never want to have a
third shot into a par five from a bunker
unless it's a greenside bunker. Another
principle, it's going to move right to
left because of the slope. So, we're
going to stick this one out to the right
of the pin, and it's going to draw back
in. Leave me a wedge in.
Oh man, that's pure as pure can be. Baby
players, you know me. I love a
rangefinder. But I don't just get a
rangefinder. I vista get a rangefinder.
So, I can vista get the distance I need
to know to be able to play scratch golf.
But today, they are launching the Golfia
Pro. Now, this one is a little bit
upgrade from the normal Golfia. This one
has a stainless steel case. Absolutely
money durability. And the viewfinder is
red and green. So, it's illuminated.
This one is black. This one is
illuminated. So, maybe on froggy days,
low light days, GIA Pro is money. Magnet
on the side. Stick it on your belt.
Stick it on the cart mode. We've got try
measure mode. You shoot from the cart
past to your ball or to another part
where your ball is and then you shoot to
the pin. You get those two measurement.
it work out the distance from your ball
to the pin. Absolutely money. We have
slope on this and we are USBC type
charging so no batteries. Put that all
together with the nice red and green LED
lit viewfinder and you have an
absolutely money rangefinder. Use the
code on screen and in the description
for 35% off. Launching today. Exciting.
My rangefinder of choice, the Vista Get.
Don't just get a rangefinder. this to
get a rangefinder. You know what I'm
saying? We need that distance control.
Remember at this stage 10 handicap,
anything inside pitching wedge should
not have big shape on it. We should be
getting straightish. Now we need that
distance control.
Yep. A little bit left. And
now look here players. We are in like
the I don't know what we're on. Fourth
hold of the day. We should get the speed
by now. You know, one of the things I
see with 10 handicappers who don't play
much is they're not keeping that stimp
hand strong. And keeping the stimp hand
strong just makes it so much easier to
save shots by not three putting by
making some short putts. And that part
of that is awareness of the slope. Okay,
I am well above the hole here. Now, if I
just walked up there, I would not see
that. Luckily, I have to walk in from
that angle. I walked up the hill. I then
see the burn mark is on the back of the
cup, which means the grass is that
direction. So, it's going to be super
quick. Now, when it's super quick like
this, I just have to hit it softer. We
move the hole up here. So, I'm going to
aim as if I'm putting to a hole 3 or 4
ft short of this cup.
See, that's just for the pace, right?
So, I was aiming at this cup here, old
cup, and that's going to help control my
pace. If I were the other side of the
hole, I'd still aim to this hole. That's
going to make me hit it firmer. This is
a really long hole. We got 218 to the
cup. But the most important part here is
not that. The most important part is
where is the pin on the green. And what
do we have to carry non-negotiable to
not get completely effed in the A?
Because if I go in that bunker short,
I'm at least 7 8 ft below the whole deep
ass mother loving VJ singing bunkers.
No. So we go 217 to the pin.
207 210 to carry that bunker. No, I'm
not going I'm not doing that. I'm going
well right. And just aim it up the
right. Commit to that conservative
target. You can see the trunk of the
tree brown color. Bam. Hey, if we walk
out here with a three ski, that's Mac
Daddy right there. 10 handicappers. You
got the shot. Maybe a hybrid. Maybe
something. We go. Well, right. Hopefully
get on the green and accept the long ass
putt.
Okay. Beautiful.
Little short running up. We're on the
front. What the hell more can we ask
for? Now we are straight downhill again.
I don't know when I'm going to have a
uphill putt on this golf course. It's
cross grain. So probably going to come
in that way. You know, we want to go
through our process and actually take
our time on the short game. A lot of
people are rushing putts. They're
hitting it way too long and they're
taking too many three putts.
So remember, once we get to this level
of golf, it's all about that distance
control. So now we're envisioning that
hole short of the cup. Should break in
from the from the ride at the end.
See, look at that. Pure pure green, pure
roll. See how it comes at the end
because of the grain. I didn't feel any
slope. And then I just used the grain
read. The distance control is perfect
because I was imagining the cup over
here. And I know from that distance I'm
not making many putts. I don't know the
course. Forgot it. Haven't played it in
five or six years. But we just increase
the upside. Check that. I'm not doing
anything fancy. Increasing my upside.
Now we got 317 yards here. Okay. This is
one of those holes like if you're
playing from the white or copper, it's
like 265, 280, 290. Man, I'm going to d
this hole, man. Do you have the distance
to reach the green? Hey, if you do, I'm
never going to dis I'm never going to
dissuade you, especially with all the
space there. But look at all the
bunkers. Do you want a 50, 60, 70 yard
bunker shot from a pot bunker on a short
par four? No. You could basically just
hit a seven iron wedge into this hole
and make a beautiful four. I bet you
that this hole does not average anywhere
near four. Averages closer to five for
most amateur golfers because of the
temptation to boom shakalaka. I'm going
to hit two shots to show you how you can
navigate a hole like this without
letting your dingling get in the way of
your thinking.
Okay. So, that's not going to hit the
green, but it's going to be on the right
side cuz I'd like to hit the feder. And
that's fine. You just see what's not
going to get in the bunkers. Hit that.
Leave yourself a short shot. Make a par.
A four on a short par. Four is a mighty
fine shot. Mighty fine score. Three is
not deserved
unless you've practice your driver to
get on the green.
Safe as houses pre208.
Now look, I wouldn't prefer a 75 yard
shot. I may have should have hit a 7
iron well short of those bunkers and
have a 56 52°ree in. Now I have a
partial shot. So, I could even go
shorter off this tee for a more
comfortable approach shot. A partial
shot onto a quick green that slopes away
from you. You're going to learn very
quickly if you're aware of your
situations what you should do, what you
shouldn't do. Now, I've got a partial
shot, front pin, bunker slightly in play
downhill lie on the green, like hitting
onto a down slope on very quick greens.
So, I need to be sure that I can hit 75
yards. Am I sure? Not really. Have not
been practicing them.
See?
So, I have two different plays for the
same hole. And the more options you
have, the closer you are to scratch
golf. And around the greens, we need
options. We need a bump and run and we
need a lofted shot. Now, I hit have to
hit a kind of lofted shot. But what I
can do is just hit a normal chip shot
like my bump and runner just with higher
loft. Not much changes. the same
technique. I can actually just use my
standard chipping technique with a 56°
and let the loft do the work.
And now we have a birdie putt. So we
need options around the greens. And the
more options you have around the green
from practicing, the more imagination
you have. Hey, the more you get up and
down, get to scratch golf. Inside wedge
range is so supreme. That's bunkers,
putting pitching, chip shots, everything
inside pitching wedge range. That's
going to give you the difference between
a 10 handicap and a scratch golf.
Probably 70% of the way there. No matter
how many people argue with me, every
time I see people playing golf, every
time they come and play with me, we
always separate lost balls, decisions,
game inside wedge range. That's all it
is. And it's normally lost balls off the
tea because of decisions, because the
wrong decision, normally aiming at the
wrong thing, wrong shot. And then inside
wedge range, they're just three putting,
getting up and down, not getting up and
down as much because they don't
practice. Now, this is a tricky one. I
can't read these greens that much. I
don't feel like doing aim point. So, the
rain will guide this one inside left.
Love that. Love that. You know, one of
the things that you'll see people
talking about, oh yeah, yours, you have
to hit the ball properly, blah, blah. Of
course, of course, of course. Come on
now. Come on now. If you're watching
this video, think you're going to be uh
18, 24 handicap down to scratch. It's
not going to happen yet, brother. Not
going to happen yet, Booseie. You have
to learn to hit the ball properly. It's
like saying when my tennis coach says,
"Tennis is actually all about footwork."
Hey, what must I say to him? Yeah, bro,
but you have to be able to serve the
ball in the court because otherwise the
footwork's not going to count for a
thing. Uh, yes, obviously. That's why
you learn to serve, you get the basics,
then you work on the footwork, which
takes you exponentially better. Same as
working on your ball striking with a
coach with the correct equipment. Of
course, what are we talking about now?
This part of the game, you've got your
ball striking pretty good. Now, you want
to improve that further. distance
dispersion, better strike and aiming
targets, better decisions, better game
inside wedge range. So, I'm going to go
for the 3-wood here, 265 down breeze
from the rough because there's nothing
around the green that's going to cause
me problem. My principle inside 35 40
yards with no chance of going in a
hazard. If there's a chance of water or
OB, well, I'm not taking on the shot. I
have to be confidential I'm not going to
lose a ball, take a penalty. Otherwise,
we're just losing shots. What the hell
was that?
Oh man, that's long. We got 55 yards
remaining. The pins over the left edge
of this tree here. We're in the elephant
grass. We must not get cute and leave it
in the green side bunker. Now we're
hitting our fourth shot from a bunker.
Not good.
Okay, not on the green, but we got a
chip at a 10 handicap. You've got a lot
of shots. You just have to pick the
right one in the moment. Now, here I
probably brought the wrong one. I could
probably bring the eight a for this
chip. I don't feel like going back to
the car to get the eight. So, I'm going
to go toewe down. This is another one of
my shots that I'll use around the green,
especially if I haven't been practicing.
Take the heel up, put the toe down. I
like to call toe down or heel up
chipping. And let's pick a spot to land
it on and let it roll up to the hole.
There we go. Now,
The reason I would rather hit an eight
iron there, you may look at it go past
the hole and say, "Well, a eight would
be worse." Is because I had to guess the
the speed to hit that nine. I Oh,
[ __ ] hell. I suppose that's a
penalty.
But I had to guess I had to guess.
Mother lover undercover.
So, it's 328 to the back of the bunker
in the middle, and the one further away
to the right is 340. So, I was thinking
of aiming at the one on the right, but I
think I'm actually going to shift my
target to the one to the left of it.
Come on, Maddie. You smooth swinging son
of a [ __ ]
Oh man, look at this. Look at this
glorious shot.
ly below my feet.
This is where the imagination and
experience comes in. So, we've got like
a a black mossy gr like a turf
underneath this very wispy Bermuda.
Right. So, am I going to get a nice shot
there with my sand wedge with the
bounce? No. Probably not going to
happen. It's downhill then onto a flat
green. What I could do is try bump it to
roll down that hill. It's nice and bare
there. If I land it on the bare spot, it
will take a nice big leap. If I land it
short of it, it the the grass is going
to grip it like velcro. So,
I think a nice little aggressive 52. I
mean, it could even be a 48, right? This
is an important decision because this
could be the difference between hitting
the green and not. Now, what I pick up
here is the sole is still too much. So,
I'm going to take a tow down. And this
is why I like the the towown because
it's for these kind of dodgy lies. A tow
down chip was actually created for dodgy
lies. So let's say we're going to tow
down chip it. Now we have to anticipate.
We've got the lie and then the reaction
to the turf. So let's go onto that brown
dry area.
Yeah, just like that.
Nice pace. Get it in the cup.
Money game. Come on. The next part of
golf is course management, which I've
been showing you. It's planning. It's
executing. It's aiming for your shot
shape. Knowing how you hit the ball.
Now, as part of course management, one
of the key foundations that I need to
mention is it's a stress-free shot after
stress-free shot after stress-free shot.
Always hitting stress-free shots. you
know how to hit to places you know it's
going to finish and that's going to get
better. The shots are going to get
better, higher quality, more distance
straighter. The more you work on your
distance dispersion matrix by hitting
the ball better, your stress-free shots
get better the better you go and get at
ball striking, you go do lessons, you
get better equipment. So instead of
saying, "Oh, I don't have a stress-free
shot. My stressfree shot is to putt the
ball down the fairway." Well, that's
what you got to play. That's what you
got to play. And that should give you a
message saying, "Oh, let me go get
lessons to get some more stress-free
shots." Now, stress-free shot here could
be the driver. If I'm confidential, I'm
going to keep hitting that fader. It is
a par five, but it's uphill all the way.
Am I going to hit it in two? Do I want a
partial shot into the green? Hm. No, I
don't. And the widest part of the hole
here fits a 3wood really nicely. The
driver would be in line with that second
bunker, and there's water down the
right. That would leave me like 250 up
the hill or 230 up the hill. You can see
the pin in the back. Big ass bunker
there. Am I going to hit it on or near
the green with a 3-wood? No. Going to
leave myself 40 50 yard pit shot to a
raised green. Hey, I don't need that. I
don't need any of that. Ain't nobody got
time for that. So,
I'm going to hit the 3-wood into the fat
part of the
just way more stress free. I don't want
to be trying to work the ball and not go
in the bunker fairway. Now I want a a
little wedge into the hole here.
Not the best strike, but you know what?
Now I'm going to have a 48° or pitching
wedge in instead of a 56 or 52. There's
a few secrets about scratch golf that if
you take the mentality, it reframes the
game. That's the point of my channel as
well is to reframe the game. Not
necessarily strictly what I'm doing, but
reframing how you see the golf course.
But but the decision-m is part of the
mental game and course management where
we create a system or we create the golf
course scenarios to actually be
stressfree giving us the fluid swing
giving us a better strike. Understanding
the lie of the ball is one of the
secrets of scratch golf. Without
understanding the lie of the ball, the
slope
and the way it lies in the turf and how
it's going to react when it lands can't
play scratch golf. So that's just
something you're going to have to do. 10
handicaps know it. They just don't take
it into account. So no copypaste golf.
So for example here,
not a great lie. Stressful lie. Ball
below my feet. Flyer lie because it's in
this wispy grass. Very wet here because
the water drains here. Okay. Bit mossy
under there. No problem. Ski now. Raised
green. 138 to the hole. Playing 144 cuz
it's uphill. Pins back right. Meaning we
have more space left. Look at that
opening between the bunkers. Isn't that
feeling already more stressfree? Hey,
forget the pin. So, we take the pitching
wedge. Back of the green is 146 playing
154. Therefore, pitching wedge a money
distance should go left to right of this
lie. So, we're going straight up the
middle of the green there on the left
side knowing we have a lot of green
behind us. So, we can make a
conservative target with a cocky swing.
It makes it stress free. It makes it
stress free. You can force the stress
free onto the course.
And now that's just a money shot
straight where I aimed it because
I'm stress free. If I'm going at the
pin, I'm thinking don't chunk it. Don't
go in a bunker. Don't go over. Going to
be shortsided, man. So, we took the
entire length of the green. We overshot
a little bit because of that the little
flare lie, which is cool, right? Upside.
Downside is in that bunker. Downside is
well at the hole. If you go straight at
the hole, same distance. We're we're
going to be four feet below the hole
here. We're pretty flat downhill onto
the green and then it's going to get to
the cup. This is what I mean. Right,
this is increasing the upside,
decreasing the downside. Now, I think I
can get up and down here seven out of 10
times.
Well, it would certainly help if I got
the the freaking read right. Damn.
6 ft. That looks like 1 and 12% slope. 1
and 12% slope from 6 ft 75 times by
6.75.
We're looking at about 5 in. So 3 in
outside the cup cuz the cup is 2 in from
the pin.
Thank you very much VJ cuz we going to
make that VJ sing. If I hit my 215 yd 4
iron because of the big ass drop, it's
going to play like 255. So I get 40
yards just from the elevation alone. Now
that bunker you can see down there is
308 away. I was thinking maybe the four
iron is more controllable, but it's
equal control to a 2iron and the two
iron can give me another 20 yard. So it
should be playing about 275 down the
hill. I think it's worth the risk
because the control is roughly the same
to gain another 20 yards or so. So,
well, I didn't catch all of it, but that
should be good.
The pin's on the right. There's a bit of
green to the left of it. No problem. But
we don't want to go in that bunker,
right? That's a short-sided bunker shot.
And the pin, the ball is above my feet
slightly, and the grass is long here cuz
they're repairing the fairway. So, if
the ball's above my feet, it should turn
over right to left. So, I'm going to set
this up at the pin. So, if it goes
straight, I'm at the hole. And if I do
turn it over, there's space on the left
of the green.
Planning for the best and the worst.
That looks good.
Oh, money. Oh, money. Just lucky. Right
between right between the bunker and the
pin.
There we go. So, I take the two iron
ski. Why? Cuz it's never going to reach
those bunkers. And the hole short enough
I can hit a full approach in and be
comfortable with a nine iron in hand.
Guaranteed nine at the worst. An eight.
really at the worst three
up at that bunker. Can't reach the
bunker. So, I'm I'm I don't have any
worry. Boom. Short of the bunker. We got
146 remaining up the hill. 127 to the
front. So, I'm going to play this as a
140 number. Hit the nine iron. Get
between the back and the front of the
green. Ball is above my feet. So, it's
going to turn over right to left. Going
to set this up to the right edge and
swing it in.
Money, money shot.
Oh, I've pulled the hell out of that.
What the hell? You see, you see flat
putt and I did that as a superb golfer.
202. Get it close. I'm going front edge
there on the right hand side with a
sixiron. If it pulls over left, I'm
going to get on the green. If it stays
straight, I'll be front edge. No
problem. Long par three. Oh, that's
money.
Okay, that's
okay. Probably could have done the eight
up.
See, I just give myself a chance, right?
I give myself a chance
rather than just rushing it, missing on
the low side with water left and trees
on the right. It's a pretty narrow
landing area actually. I'm not going to
take on anything crazy here. Like I have
such a good chance of going water with a
3-wood and a driver because I've just
got them and I'm not quite sure where to
aim exactly without getting psyched out.
Yep.
But we deal with the consequences.
That's all we can do, right? Every shot
is a problem solving opportunity. 56
degree. Swing it firm, Maddie.
As good as we're going to get. That's a
tough tough shot. Tough shot. Damn it.
Well, good distance control. It's not
that you hit drive on a par five just
cuz a par five or it's a par4 hit
driver. whatever is going to work in
that moment to get the ball in play so
it's stress free so it gets in play.
Then on approach shot, it's not about
hitting the ball as hard as you can with
the highest loft possible. It's about
using the club that works. Now here I
find that the two iron would work, but I
think I have enough space to bring out
the 3-wood and aim it at that far
bunker. Won't reach that bunker.
To play scratch golf, you need to know
the LWD system. Okay? It's the lie, the
elevation, the wind, the distance. The
lie is down slope down grain. So, my
club will slide right through. Probably
get full distance. The elevation, the
hole is above me. So, it's playing, it's
118, playing 120. This ball's going to
come out a little bit lower just because
it's on the down slope. So, I'm going to
take 52 instead of a 48. 48 I think is
going to fly too far. The reaction of
the ball when it lands is also
important. Okay? So, it's going to get a
little more distance, a little bit
lower. That pin is back middle. I don't
want to go over. I'm not going to hit a
48 and go over the green. I'm dead over
there. Huge drop off. I want to be
between the front edge and the pin here.
Even if it's short, doesn't matter.
Priority is just get on the green.
Oh, man. That's dead at it.
Yeah. Very good. This is what I mean by
increasing the upside, decreasing the
downside. Look how far below the hole I
am here. If you miss it, right? Okay,
that's behind the hole. And if you go
beyond that, if it like runs through the
bunker, now you're pitching over a
bunker onto a raised greenside
bunker here 8 ft below the hole and then
it slopes off down there. Look at that.
Right. That ball with a 48° with that
kind of strike is in that bunker back
there downside. Boom.
Now here, because of the tree illusion,
makes me look like the left is out of
play. All I can see is that bunk up on
the on the right. So, I'm going left on
the left edge of that bunker cuz it's
all I can see. If I have if I play here
a few more times and I learn the course
a bit better, I might break the driver
out, but I'm going to hit the 3-wood
into that bonker.
Okay, a little bit right. Not my best.
And now what I've done is I've screwed
myself. If I had done my research with
shot pattern app would have been much
better. Sometimes we have to take the
lesser of two evils. Okay. If I hit a
four iron here on a down slope, I'm
going to catch it fat. Get up. So from
192 hitting a sixiron, I have low
expectation of hitting the green. So I
don't want to go in those bunkers right.
I don't want to go in the bunker left. I
want to go up that shoot on the left
side. If I'm a bit short, I got a chip
and a putt. But I have to take that evil
over going at the pin, putting it in
those bunkers down slope. Going to come
out low. Will have a flyer. So if I
catch all of it, it could scoot up onto
the green. But this is a tough one. We
have to make contact here. Come on,
Maddie.
Yep. Perfect contact. Perfect contact.
Fly a lie. Oh, onto the green. I mean,
look at those four bunkers there. Like
ain't nobody got time for that. you're
going to be 7 8 ft below the green. So,
the best thing to avoid is that players
actually got lucky. It held up. Just
missed the bunker.
Now, I'm thinking of the niner or the
putter. I think we're going putter.
Oh, brother. Oh, brother.
Oh brother. Oh brother players. We got
172 to the hole. Now this one I know for
sure. Over is deados. I remember this.
It's a tabletop green and basically I
think it's a long bunker behind the hole
here. So 172. You know the the
temptation can be to hit the six to get
on the middle back, but I cream a six
and it doesn't hold. Maybe it's a bit
firm or dry up there and then we are in
deep deep trouble. So, I'm going to hit
the seven. And I think that the eight is
actually the best, but it's just the
perfect eight because if I hit it short,
it's going to come down the hill. So,
pin to middle should be a nice seven.
175 to 180. Absolutely brilliant.
And then I'm going to aim it a little
right of the hole, anticipating a slight
pushy push or pulley pull.
then hit a fatty fade like a boss
and we're on the green. So, I took more
club right. That's why I didn't take the
eight. I'm in that bunker ride with an
eight. Oh my word. Well, I've dropped my
glove there. Taking the pin out. I'm not
going to get it, but I have to get the
pace control right here. We can't be
scared of putts. I'm going to aim this
like 8 ft short of the hole. Just very
quick.
Go ball. Go ball.
That's a good one. That's a good one.
So, check this out, players. Players,
these are the bunkers I'm talking about.
Look at this. Behind the hole, right?
You hit the six iron. You want to get
all the way there. Make sure of it. I
was playing pin to middle. 56 yd
finishing par 4. VJ, what were you
doing, brother? What the hell were you
doing? Were you playing a video game?
I don't know where that's going to land,
but it's long.
Now, this pin is 174 away and it's at
the back. So, raised above me. So,
I'm going to aim a little left cuz it
looks like it's on the right side of the
green, right at the back. So, I'd rather
be a little short, a little left here.
get myself on the green instead of
taking it on and going over the back. I
think it's okay over the back there, but
I'd rather just be a little cautious
between front edge and pin instead of
middle to back. So, we're going to take
the ader and the ball is slightly below
my feet, so it could squirt. So, I'm
going to go at the two white things
protruding over the hill. And let's give
it a good one. Okay. So, a little bit
long here is okay. It's a bit of a
short-sided chip though because you'll
be below the hole chipping onto the down
slope. And with the sandy green, semi
sandy and downhill, it's going to be
really quick. So, you'll probably end up
where I am after that shot anyway. So,
it's a long ass green. And this is
perfect where I am now. Giving me a nice
uphill putt. And the grain is right over
here. So, it's coming it's coming there.
So, it should come in from the left at
the end.
But that's money, right? Like you could
say hit the seven and I could say yeah
maybe maybe but then I've got a downhill
putt and if I cream it I might be over
chipping and if I tug it now I'm going
to be chipping from a down slope. So, I
took the club I was comfortable with and
I accept this, I don't know, 40footer,
45 footer. No problem. No problem at all
because I love putting. And please
understand, I studied putting for the
last, I don't know, four, five years,
maybe 6 years, how to putt, especially
on these tropical greens. So, if you
want to be scratched, you're going to
have to start studying. You know, you
got to study, practice, study, practice.
Playing twice a month, you ain't going
to do it. Four times a month, plus some
practice, maybe six times a month,
better playing twice a week. Now we're
talking. Now we're talking. But you
ain't going to walk out of your office
on a Friday and go shoot level unless
you used to shoot 65 when you were 18.
Nice finish. That's a nice finish. Very
nice way to finish. 506 yard freaking
birdie.
Uh, Ben Hogan. Now, who's he? I thought
we finished, but I still have to play
one more. I skipped this hole because of
some beginners. I mean, a single behind
beginners. Not a problem. But, uh, man,
it was really beginners.
So, here we are on the final one. And I
finally a hole over water. That's not
That's a dog leg left instead of a dog
leg right with the water. So, I'm going
to aim it at that far bunker and let it
fade in the way it's been fading all
day. Absolutely money ski.
Then hit a beautiful draw. [ __ ] me in
the ass.
Just knew it. I freaking knew it.
You know, we got to go stress free. We
got to go stress free.
And now we in the shot. We think of
nothing except money.
That's absolutely money players and gang
bangers. We saw this whole way around
how little decision after little
decision can amplify your score. Okay?
If you make a bad decision, wrong
aiming, you're in the wrong place. You
try to take on a shot, you can't take
on, bam, double, triple bogeies. That's
what's going to happen to you. In any
given moment, you can shave a whole
shot. In every given moment there is the
best shot to hit, the second best, the
third best and then the worst. And in
these moments, some are very close to
each other. We don't know, but we have
to take a educated guess. Here I have a
putt cross grain and then bam into the
green. Look how it's
now. Can I trust that when I putt the
ball, it's going to actually get through
that at the right speed when it hits the
green and then goes to the hole? I love
putting from around the green, but I
can't because of only from there to
there. That's why I can't putt it. So, I
have to chip it. I don't have the right
club. I've got an iron iron. So, I'm
going to try to down and try to land it
on the green about here.
And that should roll out to the hole.
Okay. Come on, Maddie. Got to be nice
and assertive. See, if I had the right
club here, pitching wedge. This is
another thing, right? If you leave your
cart down there and you need to get a
pitching wedge and you want to shoot
scratch golf, you have to. Now I'm going
to improvise instead of having the shot
on hand. So we'll put it up there.
Okay. You see? So I It's not the right
club. Pitching wedge. I can be more
aggressive and get in the right place.
There. I still landed it short, which is
okay. Gave us two or three feet. So I
pitched it there instead of there.
That's the difference. Just the inches.
And that can be negated not by your
skill, but by the right club. A pitching
wedge pitched here. Easy game. And more
assertive. Now we have a 5-footer.
We have
about half a half a degree inside.
Right.
Money. Money. Let's see what would have
happened if I puted this. I'm quite a
proficient putter from off the green.
That's why I've always put from the
rough.
Okay, maybe a better decision, but
that's me. Now I know in the future that
I am actually the bomb.com.