Twitch is officially finished as their
streaming site always seemed unsafe. But
that's nothing compared to how at their
convention they essentially served up
their top streamer to a predator as
Amiru made her way to this year's
TwitchCon where her and her friends
seemed uneasy about doing meet and
greets.
>> The reason I cancel my meet and greet is
I don't want to be in the same place for
2 hours
>> because of people being weird.
>> Okay.
>> And then I'm under contract with them.
So, I can't cancel one and not cancel
the other.
>> Interesting. A
>> I kept my meet and greet cuz I wanted to
keep my show. Surely it'll be fine.
>> Sorry, Emmy.
>> I'm sure everyone will be nice.
>> But they won't as while signing
something, this disgusting individual is
able to walk up and assault her.
>> Whoa,
that's crazy. Holy. as he then appears
to just casually escape. It's terrifying
to know how exposed you truly are only
after someone takes advantage of that.
As sadly, this is the same streamer that
got attacked in Santa Monica where less
than 7 months ago, some other stalker
attacked her and her friends there.
>> Hey, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
>> Right now, I'm talking right now.
>> Get away from
>> security, please. Please. as obviously
the girls are pretty shaken up just
realizing how defenseless they truly are
and what little local law enforcement
can do to protect them. So you'd wonder
if they'd bolster their teams with a
bodyguard. But tragically, she just
talked about how TwitchCon banned her
private security.
>> I had a security guard 2 years ago where
there was a guy following me around
TwitchCon and he like asked him to stop
multiple times. My guard asked him and
the guy wouldn't stop. So he he grabbed
the guy but he didn't like hurt him. He
was just holding the guy until like the
con security came or came and then for
some reason they're like, "Yeah, because
your security guard touched him, he's
like perma banned from the venue
forever."
>> So Twitch knowing that she has a history
of stalkers, not only from the live
streams they cash in on, but the last
TwitchCon they ran. And in response,
they took measures to protect the
predators from her security. Obviously,
these live stream girls don't feel
comfortable doing these events. They're
openly admitting it on Twitch, but in
order to keep their show, they need to
surrender their security and basically
be served up to whatever predators
Twitch's product attracts. As just over
a week ago, they promised the presence
of armed law enforcement since several
of their streamers expressed concerns
over their physical safety with Asmin
Gold outright saying, "Women should not
attend this event." where TechTone
pointed out if they can't even moderate
their own website, how are they going to
moderate real life? As even I thought
about going to TwitchCon this year, but
after hearing Asmin Gold, Techone, and
even Hassan were worried about being
assaulted. And keep in mind, these are
all 6'3 plus large individuals, I
figured they know more about it than me,
so I stayed home, too. as Twitch claimed
they'd keep you safe, saying they have
worldclass teams protecting attendees,
partnering with San Diego PD and other
law enforcement agencies. But somehow
all Amiu got were these two completely
useless individuals, only able to get
there after the attack as they were
positioned a whole way, letting her
attack her easily escape. Now, they did
make a statement about the attack,
saying the individual responsible for
allowing the situation to occur has been
removed from their position, then went
right back into acting like business as
usual. I wouldn't be surprised if this
girl and her entire team outright quit
overnight, and nobody would blame them
because they're literally putting their
life on the line for Twitch. All this
posturing like you'll protect these
girls, seemingly forcing them into
uncomfortable situations by dangling
their shows in front of them and then
banning their personal security guards.
This carefully curated scenario couldn't
be any more pro-p pervert if they tried.
As the most [ __ ] up part about all of
this is what if this wasn't just a
pervert. What if this was like what
happened to that singer Christina
Grimmie where at a meet and greet an
insane fan shot her which can talk about
all the worldclass security they want
but absolutely nobody should trust
anything they say so hopefully Amiru and
her team get all the help they need.
They sue Twitchcon for every scent they
have ensuring she never has to stream on
that insane platform ever again. And
Amazon finally goes in and cleans house
at Twitch.