Let me tell you something that the
education industry does not want you to
know. Right now, you can take Ivy League
courses online for free. I'm talking
about top universities like Harvard,
MIT, and Yale. Quietly, these
universities over the years have been
putting some of their top courses online
for free. You just need to know where to
go. This is the ultimate hidden gem. And
so in this video, we have compiled the
top courses, and I'll show you exactly
where to go, what search terms to put
onto these sites once you're on it in
order to search for these courses for
free. So, it's taught by the exact same
professors, you're getting the exact
same course material, and you're getting
the exact same homework as well. I'll
also show you how to get the certificate
for some of these courses upon
completion. Now, some of these
certificates do cost a little bit of
money, like a few hundred. Now,
considering that to get a degree from
these universities, people are paying
between $60,000 to $100,000 a year. And
if you want to go through the whole
degree program for four years, you're
paying like $400,000 coming out with
crippling debt. To get a certificate
from these top universities for a few
hundred is a steal if you ask me, right?
And on top of that, it gives you that
extra credibility when you talk to
potential employers. When you have like
Harvard or MIT on your resume, they're
like, "Whoa, you must be really smart."
And so having that extra brand
recognition just will take your career
to that next level. And I've seen some
subreddits where people say after taking
some of these free courses, they were
able to get raises, advance their
career, and maybe even switch to a new
career path altogether. All right,
without further ado, let's jump into
these Ivy League courses. Now, let's
start with Harvard. One of their most
famous courses is their CS50 course,
which is their introduction to computer
science. And you may be saying, Helena,
AI is taking over programming. Why do we
still need to learn computer science?
Well, just like the fact that like when
you write on chat GPT, you still need to
proofread and fix a couple words,
rewrite a couple sentences, right? Same
with computer AI coding at the moment.
It gets you like 80% of the way there,
but you still need to know what you're
reading to get it to that 100% mile, to
get it to that production level grade.
And if you don't know how to code at
all, you will still be at a
disadvantage. We have come miles away
already. Now, just with one programmer,
you can do the work of pretty much like
10 programmers before AI. So AI has made
it easier to code, but doesn't get you
100% of the way there. So it's still
essential that you at least know what
you're looking at and at least you can
speak the same lingual as the AI vibe
coding platforms that you're using,
right? All right. So to get yourself
just familiar with the introduction of
like R and C and Python and SQL so that
you know all of the basis of computer
science, a great course that you can
take is from Harvard. And to access this
course, and the best part, get this
guys, you don't even need to opt in. So
just go to cs50.harvard.edu/x.
And now you can get a certificate upon
completion as well, but it does cost I
think about a 100red or 200 bucks or so.
So to get to this course, just go to
this website. And this course is taught
by the same professor that teaches at
Harvard, David Malin. And if you scroll
down here, you'll be able to see the
lecture from every single week for the
whole semester. And if you want to go
faster, you can go through these 10
weeks in like two, three weeks as well.
Pro tip. And then if you scroll down,
you'll be able to find the slides as
well as the homework material. So you're
getting the exact same course that they
teach to undergrads at Harvard for
computer science. Mind-blowing. And then
down here, you will also see a tab for a
final project. So if you do want to get
the certificate, you will complete the
final project. You can also see the
gallery of final projects from people
who have completed this course in the
past. And by the way, over 6 million
people have already completed this
course, so you know it is legit. And
lastly, if you do want the certificate,
simply go to edx.org
right over here and then type in CS50
here and then go to the Harvard X
course. And you can see that you can
actually earn a Harvard X certificate
here once you uh fill out your account
here. I do believe it's a couple hundred
to get this certificate. I can't
remember exactly how much it was, but
it's between $100 to $600 roughly. Now,
let's go on to the second course that
you can take from Harvard. So this is
similar to the last one you have seen is
also by professor David Malin and this
is the introduction to programming with
Python. And as you can see this website
is very similar in terms of structure to
the introduction to computer science
course. So to access this course here
you just go to cs50.harvard.edu/hython.
You can see here the lectures that you
can go through every single week. And
again the same structure. You can
download the slides here. See
everything's very well organized for
you. And you can even uh do the
associated homework material and you can
get a certificate once you complete this
course as well from edx.org.
All right. So moving on to our third
course from Harvard. And to access this
course, go to cs50.harvard.edu/ai.
So this is Harvard's introduction to
artificial intelligence course with
Python. Again, when you scroll through
this, you'll see the lectures that's
being taught every single week with the
projects as well as in the slides. And
for this particular course, there is no
final project, but if you go to edx.org,
you can earn a certificate for this
course as well. Now, let's move on to
MIT. to access the free courses from MIT
which is by the way the world's leading
university for anything technical. Uh
just go to this website. So it is
ocw.mmit.edu
and this will take you to MIT's open
courseware website. So anyone anywhere
in the world can access this website.
You can see all of the courses that they
have on their free courseware here. And
you can also go over here and search for
the particular course that you want to
take. If you're not sure which course
you want to take, you can also click on
the explore button and you'll be able to
filter by subjects, by level of
difficulty and by topics here as well.
So, if you're looking to start your
career in anything technical like
artificial intelligence or engineering
or coding, one popular course you can
take is their intro course to that. And
just type in 6.01
for this course and you'll be able to
take their introduction to computer
science and programming with Python
course. Once you found the course that
you're looking for, go to download
courses. And here you'll be able to see
all of the lectures. And if you scroll
down even more, you'll be able to see
the programming assignments here as
well. So super great. I don't believe
after completing any of the courses from
MIT Open Courseware will give you a
certificate. But once you complete these
courses, you'll be able to show all of
the assignments you have done, the end
results you were able to produce, and
you can still add that you have
completed this course from MIT on your
resume or LinkedIn to give you that
boost in terms of credibility. Yes, I
get it. you're not getting a degree but
still having an association with such a
known brand as MIT will still boost your
own credibility as well. Now, if you
want a deeper dive in terms of machine
learning and AI, here are some other
courses that you can access on open
courseware. So, type in 6.036
and this will give you their
introduction to machine learning course.
Another popular one is mathematics and
artificial intelligence. And to access
this course, put in 18.657. 657
and this will give you their mathematics
of machine learnings course. Another
website that MIT have created for open
learning so anyone can access all of the
materials for free is their open
library. So this is the website to
access open learning library. I'll
include a link in the descriptions below
as well. So go to
openlearning.mmit.edu/courses-program/open-learning-
edu/courses-program/open-learning-l
and you can see all of the courses that
they have put online for free. So, open
courseware and open learning library are
the two places where MIT have put all of
their free courses. Now, the last place
that you can find Ivy League courses
online for free is a website called
corsera.org. It's a similar model to
what Harvard X have used where you can
take the courses for free but if you
want the certificate you want to pay a
small fee in exchange to do that.
Corsera charges about $50 to $100 per
month. So it's on a monthly subscription
model and during your subscription
period you can take as many courses and
earn as many certificates as you would
like. So inside Corsera you can find
courses from Yale here. This one's on
financial market. You can also find
popular ones on artificial intelligence
as well. I have personally gone through
one of their top courses on this
platform which is Andrew Chan's
introduction to artificial intelligence
and machine learning. I've gone through
the course myself and actually built an
entire neural network which is one of
the things that really opened my eyes
and got me excited about artificial
intelligence in general. Lastly, once
you have completed your IV League
courses, you want to update the skill
section in your LinkedIn profile because
if potential recruiters are searching by
keywords here, for example, artificial
intelligence, then you will show up on
that search list. All right. So, to add
this to your profile, click on the me
button here and click on view profile
and then scroll down on your profile
until you find license and
certifications. This is where you can
add your Harvard X certificate. You just
need to put in the name of the
certificate, the issuing organization,
the date that you have completed it, and
the certification link here. Now, it's
important that you also add the uh
skills that you learned from this
course. So, if you completed the intro
to computer science course, adding
keywords like Python, computer science.
So, this makes it easier for potential
recruiters to find you. If you have just
completed the course without the
certificate, then go down to the courses
section pl press the plus button and add
in the necessary information associated
with that course so you'll still get
credit for that. So this is how you can
take Ivy League courses online for free.
Thank you so much for joining me for
this video. If you got any value out of
this, please make sure you like and
subscribe. We post the latest on tech
every single week on this channel. So,
please make sure you are in the know.
And of course, you can take my free AI
and automations course below as well.
I'll see you in the next video.