roller coaster from a new all-time high
on Monday to meltdown on Friday. It's
been a wild week for Bitcoin. Record
liquidations. Crypto plunges as Donald
Trump lets fly at China on social media,
but the real villain is leverage. We
break down what happened in a traumatic
24 hours. What now? As the smoke clears,
the questions pile up. Bull market over,
alt season canled, crypto cooked. Stay
tuned for the answers and a look at last
week's top gainers. Yes, there are some
tweets of the week, TA from Lewis, dates
for your diary, and much more besides.
This is the Coin Bureau News Live.
I'm loving it. And welcome to the
McDonald's drive-thru window. My name is
Nick and I will be taking your order
today.
Guy, would you like some fries with that
order of liquidation?
Put those Put those fries in the bag,
bro. Um my word. So, how was your
weekend?
Oh, it was amazingly eventful. You know,
not looking at the screens at all.
Completely touched grass. What happened,
guy? Oh, well, you know, nothing big.
Nothing big. Cryp crypto took a little
bit of a wobble. Little bit of a wobble.
Just a normal weekend. I tell you, on
Friday night, me and Mrs. Guy, we went
out for We went out to dinner on the
Palm with some friends. Quite a lot of
wine was consumed. Our host was
I'm surprised you could afford a dinner
on the Palm given what happened.
Well, you know, if I'd known, actually,
we were going to someone's house, but uh
quite a lot of wine got open. By the
time we got out, I hadn't check checked
my phone all evening and you know, I'd
had a few and I sort of looked at the uh
looked at the news in the taxi on my way
back. It was like, "Oh,
I can't deal with this."
I winced my way up from my phone in the
mornings cuz I saw it crashing overnight
and I was like, "This is not going to
end well." But, uh, it was a crazy
weekend. One of the biggest liquidation
events ever in crypto. I mean, it's it's
like we saying that every single second
month here. It's it's crazy. Seems like
leverage traders just don't get the just
don't get the memo, right?
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, the amount of
leverage this time is absolutely insane.
I mean, this is, you know, when you look
back to when you look back to FTX, when
you look back to COVID, you know, those
were big crashes, but in terms of actual
leverage liquidations, they got nothing
on on what happened on Friday.
Absolutely. They don't they don't even
come close. And that is crazy.
Open interest completely got smoked. But
we'll be covering all of that, guys.
We'll be taking a look at the week of
Bitcoin last week in terms of exactly
what happened and what led up to that
massive cascading liquidation. We'll
look at those exact liquidations and why
it was so vicious and what what exactly
happened to the altcoins as well?
Yeah.
And then most importantly, what happens
now?
Yeah.
What does this mean for now?
Is altcoin season basically just a dream
in route to basically just a dream and a
hope you know. Um so we'll be taking a
look at all of that of course guys. So,
and let us know how you feeling. Your
sentiment is very important to us
because it helps keep us hopeful.
Yeah. I mean, you know, after after the
weekend we've had, I've been looking
forward to the comments today. Comments
always uh raise a smile. So, uh do your
best work down there, folks. And we
should also say, don't forget to hit the
like button as well.
Give us a good old thumbs up. Now, last
week uh we did get the requisite number
of likes and we did share some portfolio
alpha alpha with you for all the good
that did. Um, but uh we're going to do
something a bit different this week,
right Nick?
Yes, we are, guys. So, look guys, if we
manage to get 1,000 likes during this
stream, in the next stream, we will get
Guy to wear.
What do we think?
Well, given all the given all the crime
that's clearly been going on over the
last few days, what else could I wear?
Um, so yes, if we get a thousand likes,
uh, I will do next week's stream, uh,
dressed as Sam Bankman Freed. You know,
got the wig already. Got the prison
jumpsuit as well.
Will you speak like Sam the whole
stream?
Yeah. How does Sam speak again? No.
That would make me want to uh want to
get you to eat like a corette or like a
zucchini during the stream like Sam
does.
A raw zuci. Oh, horrible. Uh, yes. So,
hit that like button if you want to see
me do next week's stream as Sam Bankman
Freed. Um, and uh, yeah.
Come on, guys. We need to see that. We
need to see that. Come on. Let's break
the internet with Guy and his SPF
impression.
Yes. And don't worry, we will think of
an interesting thing for Nick to dress
up as in a in a in a future stream as
well. Don't think he's going to get off
the hook for this one, folks. Um, but
uh, yes, let's Well, let's So, hit that
like button. Let's dissect what was a
mad week. Well, if you'll cast your mind
back to last week, Monday, it was a
quite euphoric day, actually, because we
broke through a new all-time high of
$126,000.
That
feels feels like a few years ago.
Oh, man. Uh anyways, we Yes, we did. We
broke through $126,000 and some people
were saying, "Wow, this is caught us by
surprise. I wonder if this is a scam
pump." Well, we'll see. Um it was also a
massive day for ETF inflows. We had
$1.19 billion of inflows on that day.
That was the second largest inflow day
ever since the ETFs launched. So,
so everything was just everything was
just going fine. Everything was going
according to plan.
Um, there was a bit of a pullback though
on Tuesday. Uh, and this was, you know,
Harold the pain there, hiding the pain.
It was mainly driven by shortterm whales
who were taking profits on their large
unrealized profits. Uh, and we've seen
this a lot really where as Bitcoin's
been making new highs over the last few
months is a lot of whales, a lot of a
lot of OGs often and short-term whales
now have been taking profit.
It did not deter those ambitious trad
predictions.
JP Morgan came out with a 165k
prediction and standard charted 200K.
Okay. Uh and um what's also pretty crazy
is
how Bitcoin's volatility had uh has been
coming down lately. It's not as volatile
as it once was or so we thought last
week.
Yes, that that chart is a little out of
date, but it is interesting in in in the
context of what what came next.
It is to be fair though it yeah usually
if you have like a compression of
volatility that could mean that means
something could be coming. Generally the
market's underpric in volatility but
that's the realized volatility on 180
days rolling and it had been it's at
record lows
Wednesday price continued to go lower
given there was the Dixie with the
dollar index was increasing so that
basically impacts on risk assets and
then also the Japanese government bond
yields hit their highest level the
10-year yield hit its highest level in
over 20 years so this is obviously
leading to led to a pull pullback in
risk assets. Yeah, interesting. There's
some fascinating stuff going on in Japan
at the moment. I was recording a video
uh this morning uh which we'll be
putting out fairly soon um about all the
stuff happening over in Japan because it
is relevant not just to not just to sort
of wider macro economics but also to
crypto as well.
The first ever Japanese female prime
minister, right?
Yeah.
But spoiler alert, she she may not last.
Okay.
They they are going
crust is going to last longer than a
head of lettuce or
Well, I don't know. I don't know if a
Japanese tabloid is doing a similar
thing, but maybe they should because um
yeah, it's it's all looking a bit dicey
for the Japanese prime minister. Anyway,
what happened on uh Thursday?
Thursday, well, the uh slight pullback
in Bitcoin did not deter the bullish
Luxembborgers
uh because they were the first Eurozone
country to purchase Bitcoin, invest in
Bitcoin. and Morgan Stanley which opened
its crypto access to all its clients
amid amid Wall Street shift to digital
assets you know opening up the the
floodgates to all the pensioners and
people who wanted to invest in a
relatively good risk return asset
well yes well certainly risk um I I kind
of feel at the next EU summit the uh the
Luxembourg finance minister is probably
going to be sort of there in a corner
just like don't don't let anyone see you
yeah the Czech central bank governor
like we dodged a bullet there not buying
Bitcoin Yeah.
Um,
so that takes us to Friday. Bitcoin was
kind of trending up again.
Yeah, exactly. And the Lux and Borgers
and the Morgan Stanley clients are
probably feeling good that they bought
the dip.
Mhm.
But then it came out of nowhere.
You knew we were going to have the goat
in this stream, folks. Don't pretend you
were. Don't pretend you were in denial.
The goat was looking at the Bitcoin shot
to be fair.
I mean, look at it. I mean, come on. I
mean, that that's pretty much the noise
I made on Friday night. So,
um
Oh, man. Yeah. So, obviously, as as Nick
alluded to at the beginning of the
screen, the stream, this was the largest
liquidation event in crypto history. Um,
and what's kind of wild is uh that
there's a lot of speculation from, you
know, well-informed sources that it
could actually have been a a way a way
lot bigger than we than we actually
know.
Exactly. Well, for yeah, because
basically how these liquidations are
recorded on track on on tracking
websites such as Coin Glass, they rely
on APIs, right, that have access to the
exchanges and these a these exchanges
generally have API limits and they can't
fire off enough notific um you know um
sending it out to the basic to the coin
glass websites etc. and as a result it
doesn't get a full picture of all the
liquidations. So many except many have
estimated that it was way larger. But
this is of course caused by Trump, you
know, um in terms of the the old tariff
uh the old tariff thing popped up again.
Tariffs we they they've been they've
been messing with us all year. They've
been screwing us up all year and we keep
forgetting about them, don't we?
We keep thinking, "Ah, that's fine. It's
all being handled. They're dealing with
it." And then it comes
Why does he do it on Friday after
markets close going into a low liquidity
weekend? Can't you choose any other day
of the week? I know. I know. It's sort
of like, you have to be really would
like to have a word with him about that.
It's like, could could you at least drop
these absolute bombshells when, you
know, the markets are still open and we
can maybe do something about it.
But it was absolute carnage, man. I
don't know if you guys tracked some of
these coins, but like the likes of Atom
went to like zero at some exchanges.
It's madness.
I mean, yeah. What you know, what you
see looking at Coin Gecko is not what
actually happened on some of these
exchanges. you know, the the the prices
plunged way way lower. I think Suie went
to about 55 cents or something like
that.
Stealing a steal at that price.
I mean, I was I I didn't I didn't know
the dip was happening. I was too busy I
was too busy getting onto the third
bottle of wine.
It's talk about ignorance being bliss, I
tell you.
But and then on the weekend, there was a
swift recovery out of the the worst of
the liquidations, right? We pulled up
from the massive, you know, that candle
as well.
Managed to pull out some.
Yeah, exactly. Uh was a bit of sideways
action and it was slightly recovering
over the weekend,
but now it's beginning to retrace a bit
a little bit. It's now trading at about
114.6K.
Yeah.
So, what's coming this week? Well,
there's lots of sped sped speeches.
Still no government data because hey,
the government is still closed.
Remember that government shutdown.
This is what happens. Trump has it. you
know, Trump's bored. He's got anything
else to do. So, he starts tweeting.
But don't worry um that uh don't worry
about China. It was just a bad moment he
had. It was just a little bad moment.
Yeah.
Don't worry about China. It will all be
fine.
So, so he causes all this carnage to the
crypto markets over the weekend just to
tweet. Sorry guys, don't worry. It's
just had a bad moment. Just a little
Well, you imagine someone having a word
and it's like, uh, Mr. President, people
are people are very upset. The the
crypto the crypto bros are beside
themselves.
Yeah, man. Your crypto portfolio is down
big. What? What? No. Okay, I need to
recover that. Um, anyways, on the
charts, let's take a quick look at some
charts. On the charts, this is the
long-term monthly chart, which I've
shared a few times before. This
basically is a trend line draw on the
monthly chart since it's marked the top
of the cycle in 2018, in 2017, 2021. And
in the past few months, we've basically
been close to breaking above uh this
long-term trend line. But we've for the
past 3 months the breakouts have been
rejected and we've closed the month
below the trend line. Uh so that's not a
good sign. Hopefully this month we will
be able to close above it. And if we do
that's a breakout but if not the bulls
are losing control here. Um I'll also
note that the MACD the moving average
convergence divergence indicator at the
bottom is going through lower highs
which is shows that momentum is slowing
on the monthly long-term monthly chart.
Okay.
On the daily chart. Now this is
interesting. We clearly, you know, were
rejected. We're rejected from that
resistance at the
quite a significant rejection. It's like
that's like a massive L. That was a
massive L on that rejection.
That is a sort of resistance you need
counseling to get over. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. We were rejected. Yeah.
Yeah.
We rejected from that resistance.
Um and um we now fall into like I said
about 114K. Now where to from here? I
will note that the 68.1 the 61.8% which
is the golden Fibonacci retracement or
golden Fibonacci extension ratio is at
about 110K from the retrace from the
extension up from the lows in July.
Okay.
And what else is over there at the um
110K level that is the CME gap and ah
yes
yes we have still not cleared that gap.
Even though we took a massive dump over
the weekend the CME was also closed. So
the gap still exists over there. Um so
we should ideally close it. Um one more
chart I will want to show you guys. This
is basically the long short bias over on
hyperlquid
and um it showed that there was a steep
rise in net shorts just prior to the
liquidation which we'll get on to in a
bit.
But it has also stayed cautiously in in
so the net shorts are still out
outweighing the longs. So the market on
hyperlquid in terms of per is still very
much positioned to the short side.
So,
okay. So, still a lot of fear out there.
Yeah. But if you guys want someone to
guide a guide in hand throughout these
market conditions, we will of course
refer you to Coinb Trading. And
congratulations to the guys because last
week they broke 100K. And as you were
saying, Guy, um, AL season officially
starts when Coin Bureau Trading breaks
100K.
Did I say that?
And funnily enough, it broke we broke
100K on Friday.
just before everything completely
collapsed.
God, this is awkward. Um, look, yeah,
you know, it's it's that final flush
before we go higher.
So, hit 1 million viewers, then if Coin
Bureau Trading hits 1 million, it's all
over.
It's all over. We'll all have to we'll
all have to get into Pokémon cards or
something.
So, uh, yeah, hit that subscribe button
for Coin Bureau Trading. But seriously,
um, congratulations to Dan, Aaron,
Gabby, and everyone else on the team
there. They've done a fantastic job and
continue to do so. So, all the best to
them.
Speaking of someone who actually did
predict the massive flush out we saw
last week Friday. This is our new host
over on Coinbro Espanol and this is
Crypto Cedric. He's a new trader over
there. He's a seasoned trader and he's
won numerous competitions as well on
crypto exchanges. Um, so YouTube
actually does autodub Spanish to English
now. So you guys can actually go and
also watch Quir Espanol and and hear his
AI voice teach you some cryptota. So you
just scan that QR code, go and sign up
and subscribe to Co Espanol if you're
Spanish and if you're not because you
can go and follow Crypto Cedric's
insights over there.
Or you could not use the dubbing and
practice your Spanish if you're learning
it. What better way to learn Spanish
than from Cedric and Mar
and some Cryptota. Yeah, exactly. You
have to pay attention otherwise you'll
get wrecked.
Absolutely. Absolutely. We we like to
give you we like to give you as much as
we can. Um
how's the comments? How's the sentiment
looking?
Okay, I've got I I got to hand it to our
our people in the comments. Generally,
they are very very positive. Crypto rich
Rick will go back to 120K plus. I got to
say, Crypto Rich Rick, I kind of agree
with you on that one. I don't know how
what time frame are we talking about
this cycle?
Yeah, I I don't know. I I'm feeling
positive about it. Um Oxford Road coach,
welcome back, sir. First it was Wall
Street, then the banks, now crypto.
Handcuff to the ready. Next stop, hell.
Okay, slightly bearish. I I I think
we're I think we're laughing about it.
Jean Francis, good agent. Sending
positive vibes from Swindon, even though
I was properly shafted this weekend.
Well, nothing but positive vibes ever
came out of Swindon, Jean. So, that's
good to hear. Um Joe uh says, "Guy looks
rough as ever." Thank you, Joe.
Well, I mean, what after the weekend
we've had, what do you expect? Um, wow.
Um, okay.
All those bottles of wine, not the
liquidations.
I mean, yeah, I did look like I did look
like crap on on Saturday. And it wasn't
all crypto's fault.
Waking up with a hangover and then
seeing the market.
I tell you, it's a double whammy. I was
just sat there at my computer like, "Oh
god, why?" Um, left work early for um
for this this morning. GMCB, that's for
spirit, not your day. Um, I hope your
boss isn't watching. Um, and uh, so when
I suggested uh, um, what Nick, you know,
that Nick could dress up for a future
stream.
God,
Caroline,
I've got to say, investigains, I would
pay good money not to see that,
dude. I don't even think I can replicate
that. How could I replicate that look?
I don't know. I think I think you're
sort of the polar opposite
of Caroline Ellison. Um, and uh, a lot
of people, including uh, Crypton
Knight's cat, uh, got scared by the
goat. Guys, you know, we sensed you
might be we sensed you might be nodding
off, so we reintroduced the goat. Yeah,
it'll come for you.
Um, and, uh, Shaw, uh, makes a good
point. So, Pers trading, right?
Yeah, that is kind of the elephant in
the room, but we are going to talk about
that in just a minute. Um, but yes, uh,
thank you for all those comments. Keep
them coming and keep those likes coming
as well. If you want me to do next% to
watching guy next week as SPF
not bad not bad but we can do better.
Let's go guys.
Okay Nick, what's
what the
what happened?
WTF? What happened? Okay.
Well, let's roll back quickly. October
10th afternoon about 2 to 4 p.m. P uh
p.m. Eastern time. Trump decided to fire
off an official tweet that said he'd now
impose 100% tariff on China starting on
November 1st. Obviously, this caught the
market by surprise. Mhm.
Not least of which the crypto mo market.
Yeah.
And crazy in terms of what happened,
right?
Yeah. I mean, yeah. So, Bitcoin, as
we've discussed, lost about 5 to 7% down
to 110K within minutes, 13% in a single
hour.
Um, ETH, as you can imagine, didn't do
much better. Um, and the less said about
altcoins, the better. It was an absolute
bloodbust.
The stocks also tanked with the NASDAQ
down 3.6%, Dow down 900 points, etc. So
wiping out $1.6 trillion in US equities.
Yeah. But what I what I think is
important to point out here though is
that I think maybe one of the reasons
why crypto got so badly hit is obviously
because it's crypto and extremely
volatile. But I kind of think because it
was, you know, getting on towards market
close. The markets were winding down for
the weekend. I think crypto being
perhaps the only market that was open
in, you know, for for mo a lot of the
hours following the crash and obviously
the the liquidations on exchanges. I
wonder if that kind of played a part as
well as people kind of sold off what
they could sell off.
Yeah, this is it indeed. But of course
the liquidations did precipitate it
quite aggressively.
So speaking about those liquidations,
they were massive. Obviously the
reported numbers as we said were
probably probably lot lot large much
larger than we expected. Um and this
this is because of two reasons. One of
these is because of cross margin issues.
So basically when you have a pers
account on an exchange you have what's
called isolated margin and cross margin
with isolated margin your position your
individual position with a particular
altcoin you have your margin allocated
to that particular position right so if
you get if your position goes towards it
depletes all your available margin you
get liquidated on just that position
with cross margin they cross it across
all your different positions right so if
you have multiple different altcoin
positions and you've chosen to cross
margin across your accounts what will
happen is if you have one position
that's going increasingly negative,
right? And you not be you're not going
to only be liquidated on that, it's
going to also go into your other
accounts, right? But liquidate those
positions because you aggregating all of
those positions into one. So that's what
happens when you have a cross margin
liquidation. And that's why many of the
different altcoins of people who held
many different positions across
different altcoins got liquidated all at
once.
Okay. Okay. So there were kind of
structural factors at play quite beside
the fact that so many people were leave
it up to the eyeballs.
Exactly. That's it. And another issue on
the exchanges which is actually very
interesting because it's quite rare and
many people don't really know about it
and this is what's called auto
deleveraging or ADL and this is a risk
management mechanism on exchanges.
Basically when they're on usually when
you have longs you've got shorts an
equal amount of shorts. you know the the
the longs pay the shorts and if a long
is losing the shorts will be winning.
But in a particular situation like this
when it's so precipitous and you have
all the longs being flushed out and then
there's no longer anyone to uh come into
the market on the opposite trade of the
shorts then they have to automatically
delever the shorts and close out of
these positions. So imagine if you held
a short position overnight and you were
expecting to wake up in the morning and
see that your position was nice in
profit and you learned that the night
before and it was automatically
deleveraged for you. You'd be very
angry.
Yeah.
And it's even worse for those people who
who run sort of pairs trade strategies
where they go long one alcoin and short
another. Basically, imagine if you were,
for example, you went long, you went
long Bitcoin and then short ETH or
something and then your ETH position was
deleveraged and your short position was
deleveraged, but then your long position
was kept on. So, you were liquidated on
your long
and then your short position wasn't even
open.
Yeah.
So, you got completely screwed. Anyways,
that also happened. So, ADL happened
across many different exchanges.
Okay. So, there were a lot of there were
a lot of different factors at play all
regarding this leverage. I mean, I
think, you know, obviously people should
trade with leverage knowing the risks.
I'm sure a lot of people who were using
leverage this time around probably
weren't aware of risks like that uh you
know of things like auto deleveraging.
Um so this will have uh I mean this is
you know not a good look. This only
reinforces the sense that in a lot of
people's minds that the market is kind
of rigged against them. And you know
whether that is whether that is true on
a sort of overall um view or not uh the
fact is that per trading is is kind of a
losers game. You've really really got to
know what you're doing otherwise you
chances are you will lose money.
Yeah. Exactly. You should you should
have stops in place. you should never
really look to get liquidated and and if
you are going to be liquidated use
isolated margin so you know it's just
for that particular position. Um but
Hyperlid you know the perex met the
perpex that's taken the market by storm
surprisingly no downtime zero downtime
it operated just as is
which is amazing
um not so much for the sexes though for
the centralized exchanges
yeah Binance in particular uh has been
um under fire and talked about a lot um
and that was because well it's from what
I've been seeing it's kind of inaccurate
to call this a deping
of of USD de on Binance. Um, and we can
we might get into the into the wise and
wherefors of that in a little while, but
basically at some point on USD on
Binance, there appears to have been uh
what people are calling a coordinated
attack which saw USDE dip to around 65
cents albeit brief.
Whether it was an attack, we don't know.
I mean, that's just speculation. But
what did happen was that on Binance
itself, USDE and and including WB ETH um
which is like an ETH wrapped version and
then BN soul as well uh they fell a lot
and that's because Binance referenced in
terms of price. They didn't reference
external oracle price feeds. They
referenced the price that was being
presented on Binance itself which is
determined by the order books. Right?
And in this extreme scenario when you
have these massive liquidations they're
referencing potentially an inaccurate
price and as a result E I mean USDE did
on Binance fall to 65 cents and in this
in this case the exchange engines
realize oh well now we've got no we have
to liquidate other positions because the
collateral has fallen by you know 40%.
So essentially this led to also help
precipitate these massive liquidations.
Um and uh also part of the reason come
down to the fact that although Binance
is referencing the price feeds on its
own exchange, the USD itself didn't DPEG
because on the primary exchanges, the
primary venues like Bybit and also on
Curve where it's done in the DeFi space,
there wasn't a there wasn't a big um
move away from the actual $1 peg. Yeah.
So that's part of the reason why it
happened there. Um and as a result of
this, Binance has agregate
some users after these diggs.
Yeah. And rightly so. I mean, you know,
in the aftermath of something like this,
obviously, it's a disaster, but if if
lessons can be learned from it, then at
least, you know, all is not lost. So,
you would hope that Binance and, you
know, any other exchange affected by
this are currently going over, you know,
their um their protocols, etc. because
this, you know, this can't happen again.
we know it that crypto is volatile but
if we don't have the proper structures
in place um and obviously this news
about USDE I mean Athena Athena's ENA uh
token um which happens to be one of the
ones in my portfolio uh was one of the
hardest hits um but I should point out
that Athena and every other DeFi
protocol continued working as normal and
that is a really important thing to
remember this is something we were at
pains to point out when FTX happened a
few years ago crypto itself self did not
break. This was an external factor. You
know, in the case of FTX, it was Sam
Bankman Freed um doing crime and in this
case it was too much leverage. But I
think it's really important to underline
the fact that crypto protocols continued
to work as they should have done.
Did as always indeed.
Um speaking of hyperlquid, some traders
did get completely wrecked, including
some of the biggest traders there. Uh so
we saw multiple accounts with that were
completely zeroed including one who lost
full 19 million in their account. O
but someone did win.
Yes. Suspiciously.
Yes. There there is there is there does
always seem to be a at least one winner
these days, doesn't there?
Um yeah, this was um so this was on
Hyperlid again. Someone had opened large
shorts on BTC and ETH. I think it was a
few days prior to this.
Not days. Not days, literally minutes.
But I Well, I think the position I think
they had short positions a few days
prior, but then like literally half an
hour before Trump's truth social post,
they suddenly added to those positions
big time. So, you know, there's defin
there's definitely something very sus.
Very sus about it. Such such crimeing,
guys. Uh
you know, we do miss some regulations.
Let's be honest. Um I must admit it.
I the tables have turned. I don't
normally I don't normally spend time
wondering what's going on in Gary
Gendler's head, but I would give I would
give a pretty penny for his thoughts
right now because I'm sure he has I'm
sure he has
sitting there at MIT with his cushy job
saying, you know, you didn't if you
don't like me at my at my worst, you
don't deserve me at my best. He's just
sitting there like, you know what, guys,
you chose to call it quits. You know, I
was going to come bring some security,
safety to your life, but uh you know,
went rogue, you know, to the streets
with you.
One for the streets.
Yeah. Meanwhile, there's a certain
irony, isn't there, that the that the
SEC and indeed all other agents,
government agencies are currently closed
during this whole thing as well. So, I
imagine
I could be dealing with a shoo
I imagine all the regulators are kind of
sitting at home going like,
"What do you want us to do?
What do you want us to do?"
Yeah. Oh, man. Anyways,
if you guys are looking to well indeed
potentially buy the dip or trade this
chaos and you want an exchange that
isn't going to auto delever your
position
or or un you know then take a look at
BitGet.
Yes,
this is our brand partner Bitgat. Um all
you need to do if you we also still have
this iPhone competition going on. So, if
you guys want to enter that competition,
which will be given, we'll basically
select a winner from the first 100
traders uh and we'll give away an iPhone
during a stream. So, all you need to do
is sign up with that link over there.
And not only will you be entered into
the competition, but you'll also uh can
uh avail yourself of up to $50,000 in
sign up bonuses.
Mhm.
And uh not just that, of course, there's
many other reasons why you'd want to use
Bit.
Yep. They're one of the fastest growing
exchanges in the world. They've got some
of the highest spot volume out there.
They've got all the trending coins,
tokens, shitcoins that you need. They've
got great liquidity in spot and futures
market. Very important nowadays. Um, and
they've also got tons of cool and
innovative features like copy trading,
AI tools, etc.
Yeah. Cool.
What happens now, Nick?
Now, now what?
So, now we answered the question WTF
happened. And now we answer the question
WTF happens now.
Yeah.
Uh, so let's take a look at a few
markets. Firstly, on the Bitcoin side,
we we look at we looked at the short to
medium term. Um, of course, we've got
today uh ETFs market should have opened
in the US right now. It'll be
interesting to see because all the
people who held the ETFs couldn't sell
their shares over the weekend.
Yes.
So, we'll see how the inflows will look
today. Keep an eye on that. Um, but in
terms of the longer term, it's worth
mentioning the parallels with the crash
we saw after co and it's interesting
that we had a massive rally after that.
Now whether you think it's analogous or
not, you know, is up for debate, but
that's what happened after co and also
in past October, right?
Yeah. Um it it's not always October. Um
and yeah, October we have seen some big
uh crashes before. There's slight
diminishing returns over time, but um
yeah, it's it's not un it's not unheard
of for a crash of this magnitude to be
followed by by a healthy rally.
Exactly. in October there was all out of
the four there were three you where you
did see a big rally after that.
Yeah.
Um and now when it comes to ETH right I
think that um people do expect a rebound
soon because it hit a bull market
support including our friend over there
from uh the into the cryptoverse Mr.
Benjamin Khan right
now. Now this is huge because Ben has
been very vocal um you know talking
about the need for Ethereum to go home
and congrats to him because he has been
he has made some very very accurate
calls recently. Um and yeah he is out
there now on Twitter and YouTube saying
that next stop is an all-time high for
Ethereum.
So Ben Cowan is bullish is bullish ETH.
That's a sign
he is. Ben is not someone who throws uh
price predictions around um willy-nilly.
So that is a very interesting uh angle
to take and we'll be keeping a very
close eye on that. So we could see a
kind of V-shaped recovery like we saw
after COVID. I'll remind you then that
ETH went from around $90 to $4,800.
Yeah. So we dream
u now on the altcoin side. Well, I mean
they were the hardest hit, right? So
many were 70% or more down
but some are seeing this as a kind of a
reset. So leverage was stretched across
longtail tokens. So when liquidity
vanished the wipe out was severe but it
of course cleared the decks for a faster
reset. And this is actually a chart from
Glass Node and it shows that uh of
course it was the one of the biggest
liquidation events since 2022. But it's
also now showing that because a lot of
the funding rates have been reset, we
can potentially continue the rallies in
altcoins without these speculative uh
per funding rates being extremely high
and as a result holding up all the
leverage in the system. So one could say
we could have now an organic rally in
altcoins. There there is a there is a
definite there is a definite argument to
be made that you know a leverage flush
is a good thing in the long run you know
and we kind of need
a little bit of blood letting you know
just get it out
a little bit of a little bit of colonic
irrigation
just flush flush all that nonsense out
of your system um yeah
uh speaking of what getting flushed out
the others to BTC pay was completely
annihilated you can see that candle down
there that's look that's a lightsaber
the lightsaber indicates the lightsaber
candle
uh that really really took it down
there. Um but uh yeah, I mean it's seems
to be recovering right now. So this is
the others to BTC chart. The others
being all the other coins below 10 in
market cap. So are we still on track for
a bull run and al season?
Well, um co uh there's this article in
Cointelegraph that seems to um that that
seems to be calling for that Bitcoin
slump may rebound up to 21% in seven
days if history repeats.
Yes,
like big if.
A big if. Um history doesn't always
repeat, but it does rhyme. So there is,
you know, there is uh historical
precedent for what could happen uh for
what could happen next. Um and yeah, a
lot of people, us included, have kind of
called this a healthy pullback. Um, so
not the end of the cycle by any means.
Obviously pulled back. Yeah, that was
healthy.
Yeah.
Um, detox. Big detox. Uh, but so so
guys, when in doubt to zoom out, eh, I
mean,
I I thought you were going to be more
positive than that. Yes. Um,
it's it's true. He's still in a car and
he's not walking.
He hasn't had to get out and crawl. So,
that's good. Um, well, let's have a look
at what some other people are saying. Uh
Tom Lee um who's become one of crypto's
main characters this cycle. He says
quote this pullback is a buying
opportunity unless structural change
will see the market close but rebound.
So Tom Lee is bullish. I mean I kind of
feel he has to be doesn't he?
Yeah he has to be and put his bet his
entire reputation on ETH recovering.
I kind of think if he came out and was
like nah we're cooked. It's sort of that
wouldn't be the best idea.
It's wrong purpose. I should have gone
I'm going back to Bitcoin, you know,
Bitcoin treasury company. So all Bitmine
ETH and go and buy Bitcoin. I mean
just pull the red cord.
Um fortunately though, uh we have got a
counterpoint. I mean Peter Schiff is
always bullish, right? You know, you
mean
no Peter Schiff is uh Oh, no wait. As
bad as Bitcoin looks, Ethereum looks
even worse. Oh, he's whailing on
Ethereum now. While Bitcoin is only down
about 10% from its record high price in
US dollars, Ether is down 21%. I mean,
these are great insights, Peter. Thank
you for sharing this. Um, if it breaks
support around 3,350, a quick move down
to 1500 is a real risk. Get out now.
Well, I mean, he is wrong to the extent
ETH has recovered above 4,000. But I
will give it to Peter Schiff. I mean, as
a gold bug, he's probably probably
feeling pretty happy right now with
these gold investments. So,
yeah, I think
new alltime high today, by the way, on
gold again.
Another one
and silver.
So, we're I mean, we're now comfortably
above 4K for gold.
Crazy.
Welcome everyone to Gold Bureau. Uh
today's
coins, are they are they better than
bars? Um and a look at silver for all
you
the fundamental difference between the
two. Let's go.
Um so I mean Nick, what are your kind of
before we before we move on, what are
your kind of personal thoughts on this?
I mean as someone who has been through,
you know, most of crypto's ups and downs
over the years, how does this one feel
in relation to previous ones? How do how
do you feel given all your years of
experience? What uh what what's your gut
telling you?
I'm tired, boss.
No, I mean I honestly think that look I
mean uh yeah, like I've said multiple
times, I think will rally, but it's not
going to be broad. It's not going to be
the altcoin season we once had. All
these people that are crowing about
altcoin seasons coming, get ready, get
ready. We're going to see some alts
rally and we're going to see ETH going
back above all-time highs again given
the that it's the closest from the
rotational shift from Bitcoin and indeed
some of the other altcoins that are
going to get access through these ETFs.
Yeah.
But you have to focus very much on the
narratives that resonate with with new
retail, the narratives that are things
about revenue generation narratives as
well and coins that have easy access for
people to buy through either ETFs or
exchange listings. But yeah, you can't
just go and throw uh like throw a dot at
Coin Market Cap and hope that your
altcoin is going to recover. Some
altcoins you may hold may be down big.
They may not recover if they especially
if they're the 20 2021 special or 2022
special. So yeah, I'm I'm still
optimistic. Um but I think that yeah,
it's not going to be as big and broad as
people think. And this wash out to be
honest, it wasn't anything wrong with
the alcoh per se. As we said, it's just
the it's just the leverage that caused
this massive liquidation. I do hope that
we don't have this event again, but
knowing crypto traders kind of like
goldfish, bro. And probably like a week
or two, you'll see open interest at
all-time highs again. And
I wouldn't bet against it. I wouldn't
bet against it. I think it's really
important to to to underline, you know,
the role of leverage in this. Obviously,
we've seen what happened on the
exchanges, but what I think is is
perhaps partly responsible for just the
sheer the sheer scale of this wipeout is
that I think recently per leverage have
started to become a lot more accessible
for everyday crypto users. you know
because a lot of people would go on to
buy bit or you know any of the other big
per exchanges per c centralized per
exchanges in the past and you know it
wasn't always very easy to understand
and you know I think per trading was
generally regarded as something that you
know only expert traders could do
however in the last few months or so
we've seen pers become a lot more
accessible I've talked before about the
fact that you can use them through
phantom wallet now and it's very easy
meta mask introduced them last week. Uh
I think we're going to see them in other
kind of wallet venues as well. And
suddenly these per have become much
easier for the average user to use. And
I think there's that sense as well that
because altcoins have struggled so much,
people are chasing those 100x those
thousandx returns and kind of per easy
access per along at the quote unquote
right time or you know wrong time as it
happens. And a lot of people are using
them without really understanding how
dangerous they are. Um, you know, maybe
they get a big win, maybe that, you
know, they they get a 200% return
overnight and think that they've
mastered it. And that is not the case.
Per can wipe you out quicker than
anything. And there's a reason why
people in the past have said that, you
know, the three biggest dangers in life,
ladies, liquor, and leverage. And, you
know, leverage is the worst of them. Um,
so I think you know people if if people
have been using per out there or are
curious about them, they they may make
them easier to use these days, but that
does not mean they are child's play.
Quite the opposite. And uh, you know, I
think that's been reflected in some of
the losses that we've seen. Even
experts, even accomplished traders with
like seven, eight, nine figure positions
were getting uh, we're getting wiped out
uh, in this one. And I think I think
that's worth bearing in mind. Pers are
really dangerous.
Yep, they are. So, you'll just want to
chill in spot, guys, because if you were
in spot over the weekend, you wouldn't
have had seen all of this. You wouldn't
have been taken out of your position.
And if you have your crypto in spot,
you're going to want to secure it in
cold storage, self-custodial cold
storage. And the best place we can think
to do that is on a Tandem hardware
wallet. It's your all-in-one crypto
solution with no seed phrases, no
middlemen, no compromises. It's just tap
and go. Absolutely. Absolutely. They've
uh Yeah, really easy to set up and you
can use it not only as a hardware device
but also as a web wallet as well. Highly
recommended.
Yeah, they've also got a special promo
going on right now for their Tandem
ring. You'll get 15% off uh the ring
right now. And on top of that, you can
use our code and our QR code down QR
code on the screen and then the QR the
link down below uh to get an additional
10% uh off the off the device. And they
also have a bitcoin reward going on
right now. So anyone who places an order
during the promotional period will
receive an email with instructions. Uh
you will to redeem the reward. Uh so
this should take about 14 days after the
activation. So again, use the QR code
over there on the screen link down below
and grab yourself a tangent device.
Absolutely. Okay. Let's have a look at
last week's top performers. Can you
believe it? There were some some did
well. Well, they performed only in the
past day from a complete low. So, yes,
there were some performers.
You're so cynical.
I'm just being Come on. Come on. Let's
have a bit more of that can do attitude,
shall we?
Wearing a McDonald's cap, bro.
Fair enough. Okay. Uh, first of last
week's top performers was synthetics.
Old school. We're talking about pers.
This is the original um or one of the
original Ethereum per Dexes. Now, the
pump um which as Nick uh so cynically
pointed out has come only very recently.
It seemed to coincide um with the fact
that they've got the Wintermute CEO. I
bet he had an interesting weekend.
The Wintermute CEO is joining their $1
million 100 trader uh trading
competition
and his first trade was to go long
synthetics.
Pump it up.
There we are. There we are. So, uh
that's SNX. Um what's next, Nick?
Zcash or Ze. Uh so this has been pumping
actually over the past two weeks quite a
lot. And um there's many theories around
there including Dan, our head of
research. His theory is that Bitcoin has
been swapped into Ze and they're using
shielded transactions to try and hide or
obiscute obuscate the TX history. Maybe
that hyperlquid whale has been stashing
his Bitcoin into Zcash to cash out.
Maybe. But I also think there was um
last I think a week ago or two weeks ago
you know Naval Rabi Hunt.
Yes.
He's quite big VC guy out in Silicon
Valley. Wise guy. Yeah. And he said he
made a comment to the effect of you know
Zcash is the new Bitcoin or something
like that. I may be paraphrasing there
but uh yeah.
Yeah. Uh privacy is definitely a thing
in crypto at the moment. Uh and for good
reason. Um which brings us on to our
next top performer of the week which was
Dash.
Gosh. I mean
OG bro. two O two OGs in a row. I mean,
Dash has been around since almost almost
the beginning. Um, another OG privacy
coin. Uh, my best bet is it's kind of
catching a a beta play bet on on Ze.
We got an interesting story about Dash,
right guy.
I do have an interesting story about
Dash. I unfortunately can't share it
here.
Okay, we'll share it separately. Maybe
in the Coin Bureau Club Discord. You
guys can sign up and go and follow down
below. But uh yeah, interesting story
about the Dash and how how a guy
actually got a job offer from Dash, but
he'll share that in the discord
once upon a time.
Once upon a time.
Okay. Uh next up on the list is
Betensor. Um now there's a there's a
fairly straightforward reason why Tao
has been pumping and that is that
Grayscale um has just filed for a tow
trust. And obviously this is no
coincidence given that Grayscale is run
by one Barry Silbert. Oh yeah.
Who happens to be a musive tow bull.
It's crazy man. pivoted completely from
Bitcoin to tow.
Yeah.
And then finally, well, this is no
surprise, BNB. Uh, so of course you guys
know fundamentally it get burn it gets
burned with every transaction on Binance
and there was a fair few of them over
the weekend.
Mhm.
Quite busy on Binance, right?
Quite busy on Binance. You know,
nonvoluntary nonvoluntary trades going
on.
Um but it's not just the burn of B&B on
Binance, which um if you'll recall, I'm
sure you do, was doing pretty well uh
before Friday. Um but also China has
stepped in. China.
China. Um yeah, China Renaissance, a
Beijing backed investment bank um
raising $600 million to establish um a
BNB fund.
Big news. Yeah. Uh so is it BNB season
again, guy? It was it was good for like
two days last week. Season
that was I mean that just came and went
so quickly. We went from BNB, we went
BNB and then all the sort of coins in
its ecosystem. CZ was tweeting about
them, wasn't he? And then suddenly it
was like done with that. Privacy coins,
privacy, privacy, privacy.
Salana guards bridge into BNB. Ah, no,
we don't yet.
Um, yeah. What a week. I mean, sometimes
sometimes it's hard to keep up, isn't
it? Okay. How are we doing on the
lights?
70%, guys. We 70% of the way to getting
guy to wearing SPF due next week. Come
on, man. So close. You're within
touching distance. Hammer that like
button guys
like there's no tomorrow. Okay, it is
time now for some TA with the one and
only Lewis, our other host here on Coin
Bureau. Um Lewis was bearish a couple of
weeks ago.
Two weeks ago. Exactly. He was bearish.
It's just so unfortunate because he
called it just before we had a scam up
to 126 or came or 106k all time high
and um yeah, I don't know if that kind
of but we'll have to see what his
analysis is like this week. Let's see if
he's doing a victory lap or not. Lewis,
over to you, sir.
Well, guys, it looks like we made it to
the dystopian land of Edit Eddie over
here. And if you don't know what I'm
talking about, go back to the Coin
Bureau page and watch this video right
here, Bitcoin CME Gab. It's from two
weeks ago, and watch my TA on it and
watch the very, very ending of it. And I
just got to play what Nick said at the
end of it. So, let me just click on this
and go to the end of it really quickly.
AI version of Ed, Ed, and Eddie in the
dystopian like death society. What the
hell is this, bro?
Is that Nick on the right?
What the hell?
That does. No, guys.
Nick at the end of the bare market,
man.
Lewis has done all right. Lewis looks
pretty healthy. I don't
I mean, Lewis made because he sold his
bags and he took they took his advice.
He was bearish at the right time.
He was bearish at the right time. Oh,
horrible. God.
So, Guy and Nick were right. I was
bearish at the right time. Okay. And
then if you go back to last week's
video, you could see that I said, "Okay,
I was I was more bullish after the
runup, but I was still pretty cautious."
And I put in a bunch of stink bids on
Aster and on uh Cake. So, if we go to
Cake, if you put the stink bids in or if
you put the bids in right where I set
it, you know, you're not doing too bad
right now. It's up 30% from uh this
area. Or I guess if you just take it
from the top, it's up, you know, like
20%. But that's not too bad. And I'm
looking at I look over at Aster. I want
to see where this was. You know, that's
not too bad either. This is actually
really good. Um, so as long as you don't
use leverage, and I think obviously
that's the that's the big thing here.
That's the whole thing that's been going
on this week. As long as you either
don't use leverage or you manage your
risk with leverage. So, I'll just say
this. I do use leverage. But the way
that I use leverage is like this. I
never never never use stink bids with
leverage because you could always have
something like this happen. And let's
say you put your stink bits in here. it
wicks all the way down and you get
stopped out, right? But what I do do is
I will put alerts in and then when the
areas get hit, then I will go in to the
smaller time frames or the lower time
frames and I will uh you know, put
leverage put a leverage position on uh
let's just say for example, you know, do
something like actually this is actually
what I would literally do. Um do
something like this. So I see that this
candle formed and then I'll put a
leverage position on here. So I know my
risk and I have my risk and it is
plotted out. So, if you're going to use
leverage, you have to have stop losses,
of course, and you have to make sure
that um you know, your risk is accounted
for. But if you just use spot, you could
put in stink bids and you could have
them and and it's fine. So, yeah, for
Aster and for and for cake, the two that
I had on the last stream, it, you know,
they're up. So, for everyone who said
that I was a counter indicator, screw
you guys, I'm going home.
Screw you guys, I'm going home. So now
the question is what the heck do we do
from here? Well, honestly, I'm getting
more confident that that was the bottom
because what are we going to do if that
wasn't? You know, we're going to I don't
think we're going to come down and sweep
the lows of like 80% drops on a lot of
these altcoins, right? I think that that
is what we needed. We needed a reset of
all of the builtup leverage that was in
the system and we needed to just chill
out. And as you saw already, you know,
as you mentioned, freaking Trump already
took back the whole tweet about uh
China. And so, you know, it was just a
misunderstanding, right? So, um I'm
pretty sure that we're going to keep on
going up. One thing that's a little
concerning to me is the fact that the
guy who opened up that short position on
um Hyperlid right before the dump just
opened up another short position. So,
that is a little worrisome. But, um I'm
still I'm more bullish now than I am
bearish. So yeah, I'm looking to long I
I actually already longed. I'm I'm full
I'm full on everything in I'm not I
don't have any stables left because I
was buying um you know in these zones,
right? And one other thing I wanted to
mention was like look at the resilience
on on Ethereum. It went down 25%
and of course Bitcoin as well. Bitcoin
only went down um tw less than 20% from
the top or maybe it was exactly 20% from
the top. These alts went down 50 60 70
80% 90% right? But Bitcoin and Ethereum,
these are the only ones that clearly
have massive amounts of demand and and
enough liquidity to actually soak that
demand up, right? And so, if you recall
from last week's stream, I said that
there is always a sweep of the low and
we finally did get a sweep of the low.
And so, now that we did get this, you
know, I'm looking for higher prices.
Now, that doesn't mean that we can't
come back down to maybe like 109,000 for
Bitcoin or something like that. But
like, it's hard for me to think that
we're going to continue lower and take
out take out the big big big lows that
we just made a couple days ago. And so,
essentially, I think it boils down to
this. If you got in during the wicks,
like let's say you got to Salana at
under $170, you're probably really
comfortable and you don't have to do
anything for quite a while. And that
goes for pretty much any coin. Even Doge
for example, if you got into it under 16
cents, you're really comfortable right
now. and I probably just wouldn't do
anything. However, if you didn't get in,
then what I like to do in those
situations is to simply go onto a higher
time frame, plot out the big support
area, plot out the big resistance area.
And so for Doge, the big support is at
0.1486 on the higher time frame, and the
resistance is at 0.278. And then I ask
myself, well, where are we? Okay, well,
we're right in the smack dab middle of
that. So, I need to go into a lower time
frame and look for buying opportunities
there. And I can see, oh, look what
happened at this area a million times
around 0.194. Well, that's been a huge
support or a huge resistance. So, if
we're anywhere in that area, that's
where I want to buy. So, I'll just set
some alerts in these areas and then if
they get hit, then I'll go down into the
lower time frames and, you know, and get
them. So, that's what I like to do in
these situations is to just like take a
step back, look at the bigger picture,
plot out the key areas, and then set
alerts, and then just let the market
come to me. Okay? And maybe, you know, I
will miss out on a big move up if I'm a
little bit too late in doing that. But
there's always going to be new
opportunities. And with that, I will
hand it back over to you guys.
Damn, those victory laps, eh?
Yeah. Yeah. Well, I mean, credit to him.
Like, I was chatting to him over the
weekend uh over Slack and he was like,
damn. You know, cuz he he had his
conviction tested, but he was like, I
should have, you know, I should have
stuck with it. cuz he said he was, you
know, sniffing out some stuff that that
felt sus in that price action from a
couple of weeks ago and uh and he was it
was only his sort of timing that was
off.
Yeah.
Anyways, guys, pull up the tweets of the
week.
Okay.
Uh so, do we have tweets?
Great.
Great. Uh first one, speaking of per, uh
integrations.
Mhm.
Uh yeah.
Oh
yes. Good old Metam Mask. It was like
Yeah. Metam Mask introducing per bag of
shite, mate. Like I'm so I'm sorry. This
weekend was soing annoying.
M managing multiple different hardware
wallets with the Metam Mask freezing
trying to close positions, move coins.
I'm like, "Oh god, I can't deal with
it."
Yeah, I tried to do a crosschain swap
with Metam Mask earlier today. It was
just
May the Lord be with you. you try to do
a crosschain swap with Metamos.
I know. And it was like USDT on Ethereum
to USDC on base. It's hardly like, you
know, it's hardly a path untrodden. And
it's just like, wow, this is How old is
this product?
At that point, I'd rather just get I'd
rather just get hacked on my Metam mask
than never ever have to use that thing
again.
Well, you pro I mean, you probably
haven't got much on it after the
weekend. Okay. Uh, next up, we have this
one. Um, this is I've enjoyed the Dave
Ramsey memes this week. Um, my wife is a
big fan of Dave Ramsey. Um, but yeah,
show you moved every dollar you have to
Binance smart chain.
Yes, Dave. And tell me the reason again
because he's gonna cry it up.
Um, yes, God only knows what Dave Ramsey
makes of makes of all this.
Next up, we have this one from Michael.
He is uh he's one of the folks over at
Oiler. Um, that stress test was wild,
but DeFi worked flawlessly. No emergency
circuit breakers, no regulatory
interventions, just free markets and
code.
Major upgrade on legacy finance indeed.
Preach.
And it's also very overcolateralized. So
that's part of the reason as well.
Yes. Okay. Uh next up we have one from
Oh no, not this guy. Oh god man. But
what's he honking on about this?
To be fair, I was being philosophical
over the weekend, man. I was just having
one of these moments. I was like,
imagine your new retail sitting on the
sidelines considering investing in
crypto. Then you witness a market crash
where multiple coins in the top 10
collapse by 50% or more in minutes. You
witness mass liquidations with billions
upon billions of wealth being evaporated
in an instance. You read reports of a
massive whale who shorts the market the
moment before the crash happens. Do you
still invest?
Yeah. Well, my favorite reply to that is
Laura Shins. She says yes in spot.
Good call, Laura.
Good call, Laura. Yeah, that's true.
Okay. Someone saying in the comments,
"Nick has a shirt with Guy on it." Oh,
no. He's gone.
Oh, that's guy.
He does though. He does. He does.
I secretly secretly, man, I wear that at
home. I just got to see guy's face when
I'm looking in the mirror.
And we also have this one from Alan Gar
watching my girlfriend get a side of
guac at the Chipotle after my $600,000
per position just live when he sees his
wife ordering. I must tell you, I was
another bottle of wine. I I was planning
to go for uh to Nou over the weekend,
but once I saw the market, I was like,
"No, let's rather go for coffee at my
place. I'll make the coffee."
Wow. Sounds sounds like a good one.
Okay. Uh so that is tweets for the week.
I mean, let's let's face it, when you
get a crisis like this in crypto, one of
the one of the upsides to it is that you
always get some banger tweets. I mean, I
saw some really good stuff in the
timeline when I was able to wipe the
tears out of my eyes for long enough to
actually read them.
Um, so uh yeah, that was uh every every
cloud. Um, any dates for the diary or
coins to watch this weekend?
On the macro front, just the 16th of
October, the PPI, producer price
inflation numbers are coming out. Um, so
the headline is 0.3% expected versus
0.1% the previous.
Okay. Yeah,
initial jobless claims. Uh, no, because
the government is shut down.
And on the coin front, just keep your
guys and everything, guys. Like, um,
there's going to be a lot of
opportunities now given that we had that
massive flush out. So, hopefully
there'll be some opportunities for you
to buy the dip.
Yep. Absolutely. Keep an eye. It's going
to be an interesting week this week. Um,
hopefully in a good way rather than the
way rather than the interesting of last
week. Just a quick look over at the
comments. Um, Florida croquet girl says,
"PS, world association croquet
tournament at National Croquet Center
October 14th, 26. Good um, diversion
from crypto and free to watch. Nice
bar." Well, you got me at Nice Bar.
That's nice. Okay.
Have you ever played croquet, Nick?
Uh, and it's not a sport on the top of
my uh, to-do list to be honest. It is.
It is very good fun. I have played
Why am I not surprised you've played
croquet?
I've played I've played a few rounds of
croquet in my time. It's It's very good.
It's actually it's actually quite
vicious
when
as as in like aggressive gameplay.
Did you wake up one day and say I'm I'm
going to go and try some play some
croquet or was it like a grandmother
invited you to come play croquet?
No, I just I just opened up one day saw
the sun was shining, opened the French
windows and went out into the realm,
obviously. Um yes,
bowls next weekend, bro.
Okay. Um and yeah, lots of people in the
uh lots of people in the comments never
do leverage trading. 95% will lose. They
will scam the life out of you. The only
thing I would disagree with that, Rex
Heineken, if that really is your name.
Um, probably 95% is a bit low. I'd say
probably more like 98 99%. But yes, uh,
as we've said, folks, um, leverage was
the big was the was the villain uh, out
there on Friday and uh, will remain so.
So, if you're determined to use it, um,
be very very careful and expect to lose
everything because like I said, even
experienced traders uh, lost out this
week. Um, guy knows Oh, it's Brett
again. Guy knows nothing about real
sport, but does know all about girls
sports from the 1600s.
Cro croquet is not a girl sport and it's
well, I mean, but girls can play. Um,
and I'm sure it's uh I'm sure it's older
than the 1600s. Um, so uh yes. Well, I
think on I think on that box
the leisurely activity you like to do,
guys, gardening. So,
yeah. Yeah. Which you can also combine
with making a nice croquet lawn.
Everyone's a winner. Okay, folks.
Wait, we had 90% though.
We're at 90% likes.
The guys who got last chance to get to
see you 959.
Okay, so we need how many more? Come on,
guys. 41 more likes. Come on, let's go.
Uh, let's go for a few more comments.
Let's see. Give them a bit of time. Any
other comments out there? Go.
Okay. Um, let's have a look again,
people. Um, uh, is le Oh, this is a good
point. Is leverage the villain or greed?
That's true. Leverage is just a
mechanism. Yeah. Yeah, you need someone
to go and push the buttons, right? You
need someone to actually do it.
Yeah. Leverage just is is enabled by
greed. Leverage is just a tool of greed.
People that want more returns, higher
returns instead of just chilling in spot
being comfortable with holding Bitcoin
as is, they want to go and increase
their chances of potentially making more
but risking a lot.
Yeah.
Yeah. Exactly.
Um and uh yeah, I mean again a few
people have mentioned sort of the tariff
uh madness and stuff. Actually what was
interesting and we should point out as
well was on Thursday. I think this
actually all started on Thursday with an
announcement um from China that they
were going to be uh adding restrictions
on rare earths. Uh and this you know
obviously rare earths that are in
everything you know every every sort of
electronic device you can think of. And
I think this seems to have been what
kind of you know prodded Trump into
retaliating and stuff. So it does
suggest that, you know, China is sort of
we're basically at the whims of uh of of
China of Beijing and and Washington at
the moment. So but it doesn't kind of
help that um that Trump's uh you know
Trump's way of doing business.
Oh yeah.
Uh is that true? James Win hates you
guy. I I have heard that. Yeah.
Why though? Why? How who could hate you
guy?
Oh well I'm sure I mean I'm sure there
are plenty of people ridiculous. Why?
Um yes. I wonder how James Win got on
this weekend.
Yeah. I wonder if he was on any spaces
or anything. Yeah.
Was he on any spaces?
I don't know.
I don't know. I don't know if he was
any.
Uh okay. Um we got a thousand likes I
think 100%. So I will do next week's
stream dressed as uh Sam Bankman free.
Um so thank you everyone for watching.
Uh it's been a great stream and we will
see you again next week. Take care out
there.
Cheers guys. after those episodes in
Singapore.
Looks like Nick's stomach still hasn't
recovered.
Now he's struggling to digest words,
too. Nice shirt. My uncle uses a similar
one when he goes bowling. I love
Bitcoin.
You guys are polar opposite and perfect
friend. Love it. I eat food for
breakfast. Very sweet how guys get so
excited about the socks. Turtle. You
guys amazing. Hey guys, cheers for all
help. Very sweet how guys get so excited
about the socks girl. You guys amazing.
Hey guys, cheers for all help.
So, do you have anything Do you have
anything vegetarian? Is a salad? Is
there salad?
There's tofu vegetarian burgers. Yes.
Oh, yeah. Okay. I have a tofu burger
salad. Do you have any zucchini? Do you
have like zucchini fries or zucchini?
Not zucchini fries. No, just normal
fries.
Oh, do you have like I don't know like
an oberine or something.
Oberine. I can see what the kitchen can
do.
Okay. Yeah, cuz I I don't eat I don't
eat any meat.