So today lads, we're going to be talking
about the basketball league that is
going to be going on in the year of 2027
or well next year. Basically from I
think it's from like November to April.
And it is the league, the essential
travel league. I don't know what it's
going to be called. It looks like
they're going to be having seven twoe
tours. I would assume, my guess would be
they play east coast America, they play
west coast America, they start um
getting out arenas. I'd say they play
east coast, west coast um break for a
few weeks because again it's only uh 14
weeks in which is just over three months
and they have six months to do it. So
they're going to have equally as many
times much time off. So I would say
it'll be two weeks on two weeks on two
weeks off probably there or thereabouts.
two weeks on a week off for a while and
there's going to be six teams in it. It
is a league that is being um backed by
everyone talks about it as like the
Saudi league. The Saudis as far as I'm
aware are a very minor investor because
by the way they invest in literally
everything like they've invested in
everything like they are putting because
of obviously oil is finite. They are
putting the money that they have from
oil in everything. They are taking risks
on everything and this isn't like a
Saudi sports league is being played in
Saudi Arabia. This is a league that they
just have money in like a little bit of
money in. This is
we we'll see. We'll see. It does it just
appears. You never know. could could end
up being a big thing with sports
watching it could just be that okay yeah
they think they can make some money out
of it but this is this league is being
funded by tech bros and if we know
anything about tech bros early on
they're cool with making losses and they
believe that women's sports is going to
boom my prediction is that they're going
to offer Caitlyn Clark $100 million
they're going to offer her $100 million
to play that would be my prediction
Um,
and
this is the one league, by the way, that
can, this is not a competitor to WNBA.
This is a league that can put Unrivaled
out of business. This is a league that
has the funding, that has the backers,
and it can very easily put Unrivaled out
of business. They got Candace Parker,
who was an unrivaled commentator last
year as one of their like main
basketball people. They have one of like
a perennial all-star in Atlanta beard
running the basketball show. Like they
have they actually have like people
there already committing and I would say
they have a lot of big WNBA players
commit. I would be shocked if Aaliyah
Boston doesn't end up playing. I think
they might offer Ayah Boston 23 million
to play.
I reckon Caitlyn Clark is going to make
somewhere between
50 to 100 million if she wants to play
because these leagues are going to take
a loss. Like again, these people are so
[ __ ] rich. Every there's so much
money involved that they could lose a
billion dollars trying to get it to work
and be like, "Ah, it is what it is."
They could try and make it work and lose
a billion dollars and they'll be like,
"Ah, it was worth the risk." Because
with all the major moneymen in this in
these um with these investors,
these investors are not sports people.
They are not sports people. These
believe that these are investors that
look for trends.
They would have invested in AI. They
would invest in all these other things
in the past. and they look for trends
and they see women's sports, especially
women's basketball as a trend. So, they
think if they can get in early now, they
could waste a bunch of money and it's
going to be worth way more in the
future, which I think it will be because
if we, if we want to be conservative,
the WNBA as a league is worth
five, six billion. Five, six billion
minimum. That is minimum. You might be
saying, "Oh, but teams are only selling
for a certain amount." Yeah, because
they only get 42% of the revenue. If you
buy a team, you only get 42% of the
revenue. So, whatever a team sells for,
let's be honest, the Connecticut Sun are
one of the least valuable teams. 300
million, double that. D more than double
that. So, it's 66 600 million by um
by 15. It's about 10 billion or 9
billion. And that's on its cheapest set.
That's probably the value of league is
about 10 billion.
A league is trying to compete with the
WNBA. And they're making the prediction
that the WNBA is going to grow to 100
million is or is going to grow to 20.
No, 100 billion is way too much. Maybe
from 10 billion to maybe um
um 20 30 billion. And if you can spend a
billion dollars getting in as this
summer, as this alternate league that
goes on in the true basketball season,
and you can spend a billion and yeah,
you're not and you're worth even 10% of
the WNBA. And that's the thing where
it's like an ideal scenario for this
leagues that the WNBA stays. An ideal
scenario for the WNBA is that these
leagues go and the problem is that these
leagues have the money to pay more
because they have less overheads unless
they own 100% of the league. So I would
assume that we're going to be looking at
minimum total. Let's just say there's 66
players in the league. Um I would say
you're going to because there's no
salary cap. There's no there's nothing
about that. I would be not surp I would
not be surprised if there are um this is
a non-American Sports League salary cap
doesn't mean [ __ ] Like there's probably
going to be these teams like Caitlyn
Clark's probably going to go you know
yeah you give me 100 million but you're
paying a le or pay me 75 million you're
paying Aaliyah 3 million. Yo Lexi's
getting three million. I kind of want to
play with Kate Martin and give me Kelsey
as well. Kelsey pay Kelsey three or four
million. Let's get half her fever team
in. Let's get let's get half the fever
team. Um let's just get a bunch of a
bunch of her friends. A Wilson can go
okay cool. Give me Alicia Gray. Cool. A
Wilson's there. She negotiates Kaitton
70 million. She negotiates 67 million
for herself. She's like okay yeah bring
give me Alicia Gray. Chelsea Gray. Um
and I don't know. I don't know what they
want to do. Stewie can go bring her
crew. Stewie can go bring her crew. Um
Sabrina can bring her crew. Sabrina can
bring Niara Satu, bring heck, bring
freaking Holly Winterburn over to get
the Oregon crew back together. Um, but
it's like these like this league has the
potential to do that and it's 5v5 for
unriv they have 66 players. Unrivaled is
in a it's this is a direct competitor
with Unrivaled and they can blow
Unrivaled completely out of the water.
There's there's no ifs or buts about it.
Like Unrivaled is this is gimmickball.
And like look, I'm happy Unrivaled is
there for the players so that they don't
have to go overseas. It's as simple as
that. It's hard. It's a bad watch. Like
it is objectively a bad watch. The only
time Unrivaled was fun was on the first
day when the two the first two teams
that played it was the Mist and the
I can't even remember. It was Stewie's
team against someone else and July
hooped. Was it the Mist against Aaliyah
Boston's team? No, Aaliyah Boston played
Andrew's team the first day. I can't
even remember. Maybe it was FE's team,
but like it was
um
like they sprinted. They sprinted. They
realized after one game, "Holy [ __ ] we
can't play like this anymore." Yeah, we
we actually we just can't play like this
anymore. This is too We're all going to
hurt ourselves. So, it became boring
gimmickball. Like threeonree is
gimmickball. And now you got this
alternate league 5v5
and they're going to make accommodations
for players. They're going to have tons
of time off. They get to play all over
the world. They probably play East Coast
for two weeks, West Coast in America for
two weeks. I would assume Europe is one
of those uh trips. I would say um China
is going to be another one. Australia is
probably another one. And that's like
that's five. You probably are going to
then play
have have maybe maybe you go and play
seven games in Canada. Maybe you go and
play
um a couple of games. Maybe you go and
say, "You know what? We'll play Mexico,
um, Canada, we'll play like we'll travel
a little bit for the two week thing.
We'll travel and we'll go the rest of
North America." And then they probably
will end up going one of the twoe trips
to be Dubai, Saudi Arabia, like those
type of those type of areas. And it is
what it is. Maybe they go Western
Europe, Eastern Europe, maybe they go
Western, Eastern. So you play in like
London, you play in Paris, you play um
in Madrid, Barcelona,
all of these places. And then you go and
play after for two weeks, you then go
and play in like Greece, you go play in
Serbia, you play in Turkey,
all of those places. So it is one of
those things where it's like, okay,
yeah, there is there's something here
and with the money involved, I don't
Like everyone like, "Oh, Caitlyn just
wants to grow WNBA, man." Caitlyn's
admitted the league [ __ ] hates her.
She's as good as admitted that. Of
course, Caitlyn wants to grow to WNBA,
but no player is proud enough to turn
down $100 million. And that is that is
not a crazy estimate. Could it be more
than the estimate? Yeah. But there's no
way that Caitlyn Clark will not be
offered a minimum of $50 million for
this. a minimum of 50 million.
Like that is that's more money than
Caitlyn Clark has made in her entire
life. There's no way it's not a minimum.
And with Candace Parker involved,
Caitlyn Clark can can get enough players
there because again, they're going all
over the world.
Caitlyn Clark, people like, "Oh, Caitlyn
doesn't care about money." Of course she
[ __ ] does. Do you think Caitlyn Clark
wants to um
Do you actually think Caitlyn Clark is
all of those speaking engagements that
she's like, you know, really really
interested and loves loves everything
that's going on and all those speaking
engagements and having to do that
instead of playing basketball for the
entirety of last season.
Like again, there's a difference between
not being solely money driven and not
caring about money at all. And yes, is
she not solely money driven? Of course
she's not. But like it's so weird that
people like try to live vicariously
through Caitlin being like, "No, Caitlyn
would do that." We don't [ __ ] know
Caitlyn. None of us do. None of us do.
And I I actually don't. And the thing is
is like everyone being like, "Oh, this
is like live golf. They don't have to
make a choice between playing in this in
the WNBA." And not only that, not only
that, like yes, I understand live golf
get pays hundreds of millions. I
understand live golf pays stupid money.
I understand. But it's not like the P
it's not like Rory Maroy is not making
tens of millions of dollars a year
um on prize money alone and then double
that in endorsements. Caitlyn Clark's
biggest endorsement
her biggest endorsement potential has
already been [ __ ] up by her agent for
the entirety of her career in shoes. her
the entirety of her career she will not
make major money from shoe brands from
Nike because she because her her agent
[ __ ] that one up um because she was
the first Juju Watkins is going I can
guarantee you Juju Watkins will have
will 10x Caitlyn Clark shoe deal because
her agent made a dumbass deal and let's
not forget Caitlyn Clark at 16 million
per year for all the endorsements and
everything that is almost a hard cap's
been everywhere in the last year that is
almost a hard cap because all the big
endorsements she signed dumb dumb
long-term deals. That's a hard cap. So,
she can make more money probably in a
year in this league than she will for
her entire WNBA career, included. And
it's not going to affect endorsements
one bit. One bit. Because there's no
real alternative. What's the
alternative? Playing unrivaled in the
offseason, sit on her ass. That is the
alternative. It's not this or the WNBA.
The alternative is this not during the
season. The alternative is her sit on
her ass, not play basketball, and do
speaking engagements for 1/1,000th of
the price. And if you like, unpopular
opinion, if you want to talk about the
ethical nature of what she's doing, I
can guarantee you that if you looked in
in depth into every single one of her
speaking engagements, it's probably some
shady. Just like if you look in depth to
Nike, the stuff is shady [ __ ] Just like
if you probably look in depth into half
the [ __ ] WNBA owners, shady [ __ ]
There's shady [ __ ] everywhere.
like this for me it makes if the offers
are what is um being speculated there is
she would be crazy to have done this.
She would be crazy to turn it down
because what's the alternative? Sit on
her ass all next off season. And I I
know I understand when I say sit on her
ass. She's she's working out. She's
doing all these things. But she can do
all of that while playing five on five
ball working on her game and making more
money than she'll ever see in her life.
Um,
so yeah, it's a it's an interesting one.
It's an interesting one. But anyway,
yeah, that's the video.