I think Democrats need to stop talking
about masculinity. Period. End of story.
Considering how poorly they're
performing with men, um making fun of
masculinity, calling men weak, like
there are substantive things to actually
attack members of the Republican party
on. Hitting them on the masculinity
point, I think is a really bad move. And
it honestly, it turns me off personally.
Well, that was my reaction to some of
Representative Alexandria Cortez's
comments on masculinity recently. Now,
the representative was making a point
about uh how we should respond to the
Trump administration and her argument is
that we're dealing with a bunch of
insecure men. Let's go to AOC's
comments.
The last thing they want you to do is
laugh at them.
The last thing they want you to do is
make fun of them because that diminishes
them far more than them trying to
stick a boot in your face. The fact of
the matter is is like these people are
yes tremendously dangerous but a lot of
them are tremendously dull. People talk
about toxic masculinity more than it
like let's put that to the side for just
one second. This is about insecure
masculinity. And one of the best ways
that you can dismantle a movement of
insecure men is by making fun of them.
All right. Um, yeah, great imagination
there. Um,
yeah, that's a disaster. Okay, so she
said, "Last thing they want you to do is
for you to laugh at them." Yeah, that's
right. So now after you laugh at them,
what do you think their chances of
voting for you are? Zero. Okay. So
world's worst political strategy. And if
you say, "Hey, Jen, she's talking about,
you know, extreme right-wingers and that
are attacking our communities." I get
it, guys. But do you think that everyone
gets it or do men hear that and go, "Oh,
she's making fun of me."
Especially when she keeps talking about
insecure men, insecure men. Guys, what
are you doing? You're driving away
voters by the millions. I'm going to I'm
going to point out something very
specific that she said that immediately
turned me against this argument that she
was making because she pointed to look I
I can't stand Steven Miller. I think
he's one of the most nefarious figures
in the Trump administration.
She was making fun of his height and
it's like okay but AOC do you not
understand that when you make fun of his
height?
Yes. all the men in the country think
about their own height and how you're
mocking them if they're the same height
as Steven Miller. It's the same thing
that women feel when, let's say, they're
in the office and a group of their male
co co-workers are talking about a woman
who they find unattractive or
attractive, whatever. It makes you start
thinking about how they perceive you as
a woman, how they perceive your physical
appearance as a woman. Like, you've got
to be smarter than this. What is this?
This is your This is your big plan to
fight back against the Trump
administration. This is your big
imaginative plan.
Yeah. Here, let's show that cuz it's
super uncomfortable. And then I want to
talk about why this another epic
disaster.
Laugh at them. Steven Miller is a clown.
I've never seen that guy in real life,
but he looks like he's like 410 and he
looks like he is angry about the fact
that he's 410. And he looks like he is
so mad that he is 410 that he's taking
that anger out at any other population
possible.
Yeah. No, every short guy is going to
take that as a direct affront to them.
So, there goes more millions of votes.
Don't take it personal. Short kings.
Okay. See, then she made this super
awkward video about short kings.
Wait, she did?
She did.
Oh, no.
It was
I didn't see that.
Yes. And she's like, "No, I don't mean
short kings. I first of all, even you
said it, but I wouldn't say short."
No, no. Short king is an actual thing.
It's not meant to poke fun at
I know, but it sounds awkward. It's like
if you told me, "Don't take it offense,
fat king." No, no, no. Just hold. No,
please. Okay, I'm begging you. Okay, so
anyways, and she's like, "No, I didn't
mean like short in stature, but if like
intellectually then you but then he look
if you're bad at at policy or something
or intellect, then you then you look
like you're 410, but again, you're
emphasizing that short is bad." And
she's like, "Oh, if you're support
women, then you're 6'3",
but then okay, 6'3 is good. Oh, please
stop. Please stop, guys. Steven Miller
is a terrible guy. You can call him a
terrible guy. Clown I got no problem
with. Definitely a clown. Right. He's a
hateful guy who is driving terrible
policy that the great majority of
Americans disagree with.
No, I don't want to laugh at him. Okay.
I don't want to laugh at him. Sorry to
interrupt you. I don't want to laugh at
what's going on right now. I don't want
to laugh at the idea that there are
literal freaking children who are being
detained in freaking zip ties because
ICE wants to do a raid to get a couple
of alleged criminals out of that
apartment building. Why are we
terrorizing the entirety of that
apartment building in order to do a raid
on a couple of people that ICE is
looking to detain? Like that doesn't I
don't want to laugh at that. I get what
she's trying to say. They want to get
under your skin. Don't let them get
under your skin. But I'm sorry.
Injustice and terrorizing fellow
Americans gets under my skin. What is
your solution to that? AOC when you're
not busy thinking about running for
higher office. What are your solutions?
What is your, you know, what are you
going to offer up that Americans are
going to find more appealing than what
the other side is offering up?
Yeah.
More more money, more military funding
for Israel, which you seem to
continuously vote in favor of.
Yeah. So, look guys, Steven Miller is
driving that policy. So, if you say I
can't stand Steven Miller, I agree with
you 100%. Right. But you have to I like
this is elementary politics. You have to
isolate Steven Miller and not associate
him with all other men that it seems
like you're attacking men and driving
them towards Steven Miller instead of
away from Steven Miller. But but no,
what you're going to get is a lot of
people going, "Oh yeah, yeah, toxic
masculinity. Oh yeah, yeah, insecure
men. H let's make fun of men. Oh god,
please stop doing damage." And we have
to unite the country against the vicious
policies that Steven Miller is
advocating for. And by the way, good
news. Those policies are really
unpopular.
They are unpopular. Yes.
Right. So lean into how unpopular they
are instead of trying to make them more
popular by attacking men. Even if you're
not doing it on purpose, the optics of
it feels like you're attacking men. Are
there men who are insecure? Of course.
By the way, are there women who are
insecure? Of course. So if you if
Republicans went and said, uh, let's put
aside toxic chicks for a second, okay?
But let's talk about insecure women and
what a problem they are. People would be
like, "Well, that's the craziest thing
I've ever seen. That's terrible. Don't
do that." Right? When you do it about
men, it is actually just as bad. I know
that's a revolutionary thought, but
we're like, "Men are also humans.
They're also Americans. They're also
voters. So, please stop driving them
away from us. It's a disastrous idea."
Well, Democrats are a disaster. period.