Here's a quick setup tip for you. If you
are someone trying to get a little
pre-tilt before you hit your shots. So,
when I do my setup like this, I'm trying
to tilt a little bit when I'm setting up
to the ball. That's because this hand is
lower on the golf club than this hand.
So, if I stood level, my hands would be
in line at the top of the grip. Well, we
know this hand is lower on the club. So
you need to tilt a little bit to put
this hand on the club.
So when I go to do this, I have a little
habit that I do to get me into my tilt.
So I'm not really thinking about it too
much. So what I do, I'm getting ready
like this and I've got my lead hand on.
So I'm coming in like this. Oh, sorry.
Let's do it here. So imagine there's a
ball there. So I'm going ball position,
width of stance. There's my stance. Now
I've got this hand on in position.
There's my two knuckles. To put this
hand on, what I do, I go like this, and
I literally take this elbow right here,
and I brush against my hip. So I brush
like this, then I put this hand on. So
when I go to brush, that gives me my
little bit of tilt. So now this hand is
lower on the club or can get lower on
the club. All right, I'll do it from
down the line. and you'll see what I
mean. It also helps to square up your
shoulders. It helps you to see this
muscle above this arm. Okay? So, I'll
show you the difference. So, if I was
going to set up to this ball. So, I go
like this. Okay? Now, I put this hand
on. There's my two knuckle grip. Now, I
don't want to go like this and put this
hand on on top like that. See, my
shoulders just opened. And now you can
see this arm below this arm. Okay? So
now I'm open with my shoulders. My feet
are square. See everything's out of
whack. So I don't do that. I go this
way. So I imagine this elbow here hip.
Okay. So I go like this. Left hands on.
I come in from under like this. Under.
Not over. Above. I coming in from under.
Okay. Okay. When I do that, I brush my
hip. When I do that, that gets my tilt.
Then I put my hand on. You see? So, it's
quick. So, I go like this. Okay. Ball
position, width of stance. Now, I
switch. I put my top hand on. Okay. Now,
right here, I go like this. I brush,
brush, brush. See, once I do that, I
know I'm in perfect position.
And then of course I hit the shot. All
right. So just a very quick simple way
to get some of this pre-tilt
at address. Okay. When you're pre-tilted
like that, it's way easier to build your
first axis. So then we can hit the ball
from back here instead of going like
this, coming in this way, sending it
over the top, hitting huge slices, and
never improving. All right. So, give
that a try next time you're out at the
range and uh you'll see how it benefits
your setup, which will benefit your
shots. I truly hope you've enjoyed this
tip. You know, I've been teaching a
powerful, effortless, pain-free golf
swing now since 1991. If you'd like to
learn this type of swing, then click on
this link right here or click the link
in the description below and I'll send
you some free samples of my body swing
book and video series that take you step
by step by step through how to build a
powerful, effortless, pain-free golf
swing.