My name is M to the Atti Boom Squared
and I play with a lot of 10 handicapped
golfers and I see the same things coming
up time and time again. These are the 10
reasons that 10 handicappers don't get
into the single figures and one of the
first ones is taking on the shot of the
low handicap golfer. At a 10 handicap
index, we're playing pretty good golf,
but we're in this limbo. We're between
like break 80 and we're breaking 90
quite a lot. So, we're good, but we're
not great. And to get under 80, we can't
take on the shots of the low handicap
trying to keep up. I see a lot of 10
handicappers trying to keep up, but
you're going to get slaughtered. Not by
hitting the same shots as the low
handicap, but by not understanding why
they're hitting those shots. The reason
I'm hitting the line I'm hitting is cuz
I can clear that dog leg very easily. A
10 handicapper, just shift your focus
left. Give yourself a clear shot. Don't
bring the disaster into play cuz the
disaster adds those little strokes
little bit add up over time to keep you
at the 10 handicap. A big reason I see
10 handicappers not breaking 80 is
they're playing to a specific distance.
So if the pin is 120 yards here, they're
going 120. But the problem is it's not
always a great strike. We want to know
the back edge and front edge distance.
So instead of worrying only about 120,
we've got 109 to 143 yards to play with.
What club is going to fit between 109
and 143. That's a 34 yard distance
range. So you must have a club or two
that fit inside there. And instead of
getting focused on the pin, we can go at
that distance range. So I'm going to hit
my 48° here from 120. Not necessarily
because it's exactly the number, but
it's going to clear that pin. And if I
don't catch 100%, I'm right next to the
pin. A big mistake 10 handicappers make
is not playing enough. Now, of course,
maybe you can't get out there that
often, and if you're 10 handicap playing
four times a month, you're a pretty good
damn golfer. You could be down in the
low single digits. But if you really
want to get much better, you have to
play more. And not just driving range.
I'm talking about on course. And when
you don't play enough, what happens is
you don't remember your club distances
or you don't hit the club distances as
consistent. you you need to widen that
distance range. You hit those clubs. So
from 150, what do you hit? Let's say six
iron. Is that 150 number? Is it 140 to
160 or 135 to 155? Whatever it is, we
can play to a distance range instead of
just a number because we're not playing
often enough to have that consistent
numbers that we're hitting that club. So
from this one, we have 150 pins in the
middle. So, we've got basically 130 to
to the front and like 170 to the back.
So, we can fit a club in between 130 and
170. We talked about that with the GPS
unit that you can get that right. But
knowing the distance ranges is key. And
as you play more, you'll find the
distance range will get tighter. So,
instead of being a 30 yard distance
range between your shortest and your
longest shot, maybe you can squeeze that
down to 15 yards. And that's going to be
absolutely money to help you get your
handicap much lower. But that takes time
and it takes a lot of practice on the
golf course.
[Music]
[Music]
A very very big thing that 10
handicappers do that prevent them from
breaking 80 is looking up swing advice
on the internet. This is very very
harmful because at 10 handicap you have
a pretty damn good swing. I can
guarantee it's going to be decision-
making, club selection, and a few
targeting things, you know, with your
aiming that are holding you back.
Looking for swing advice in generic
places gets you generic results. You're
going to go backwards. That's why I've
been working with swing tweaks for the
last 3 years. send them tweaks whenever
I need a little touchup and it works
infinitely better than finding it on
your own because the pro will identify
stuff in your swing that you can fix
that you never thought of in an easier
way you never would have found by
yourself. You send a video in as you can
see down the line and front on. I've
sent them quite a few of my own swings.
I get the feedback and I implement it
and I get infinitely better than getting
in my own head trying to make my own,
oh, maybe it's my grip, maybe it's my
stance, maybe I need to open my It just
goes
backwards. Swing tweaks is absolutely
money. A PGA Pro gets back to you within
hours with tailor made advice for you.
Tailor made so that you can get better
quicker. And the feedback from the
players is phenomenal. People are
dropping their handicaps, getting more
confidentiality. If you want to get
closer to breaking 80 and drop that 10
handicap, forget generic swing tips.
Download swing tweaks now. Use my code
intern for 20% off your first tweak
money.
It's like a bird's
nest in the zo here. What do you got? N
iron from how far? 140 in the rough.
Okay. What what's the what's the
thinking behind the club selection?
Yeah,
just uh my N iron go 150. Okay, so it's
in the rough. Okay, so I'm thinking like
it will pull a little bit like 10
yard. Oh,
that's a tricky lie. It's a very
difficult lie. If I knew it, I would
chip it. Okay. Yeah, right. Yeah, there
could be a better option to chip out.
Another big mistake is the
misinterpretation of the lie. I'm
actually back here where Taj hit that
shot. That's actually his divot and the
ball will sit down in a bird's nest. And
when it's in a bird nest lie like this,
it's very it's very difficult to judge
what to do. So what Taj does is he went
one club more. He assumed 10 yards off
because it's in the rough. It's not only
10 yards, it's not just the rough, it's
bird nest. Let me sacrifice this
ball. Did that. So we need to get a
little steeper to get out of here. So,
let me take the same eight iron from 140
and I'm going to go really steep and
really firm on it. Maybe cutting across
it just a little bit. And you need to
have firm, strong wrists and
[Music]
forearms. And that's how we have to do
it. That's Oh my goodness. That's great.
When you come in with your standard
swing and it hits early, it's still
okay. It's still above the ground, but
that grass is in the way, right? Imagine
you've got normally your ball here and
there's air here. Now imagine you put
velcro there. Now you got to get your
club through the
velcro to the ball. What he could have
done also was just chip out
sideways and give himself probably a
sand wedge or a 52°ree onto the green
because look at 10 handicap level you
want to get to single figures. This is a
difficult A bogey here has
money. Believe me, you're going to make
bogeies. Pick and choose where you make
the bogey. You got a shot from the
fairway onto the green, two putt, five,
maybe one putt for a four. Better than
taking a freaking six, seven, or even an
eight. Believe that. A big thing when I
was a 10 handicap to get over into the
80s and the lower handicap was to forget
about the PGA Tour energy. The game of
PGA Tour or scratch golf looks entirely
different to just breaking 80. At the 10
handicap level, like I say, pretty good,
not great yet. But to get great, we have
to drop the illusion that we have this
magnificent game that we're going to
just suddenly bring to the course from
watching the PGA Tour. What we have to
do is nip strokes. We have to cut them
off a little bit. And that is very easy
to do by understanding your game and
avoiding the hero shots, playing only
the shots you can. When you're in
trouble, chipping out. When you're on a
par five, it's a three-shoer. When
you're on a long par four, sometimes
it's a bogey hole. The PGA to a delusion
of grandeur syndrome makes a 410 yard
par4 a two-shotterter for you when
sometimes it's just a three-shotter. And
it's okay because you have to make
bogeies to break 80. It's not the
illusion of a PGA tour round. If a five
handicap played on a PGA Tour course
with the PGA players, the PGA Tour
player will finish 16 under, the five
handicap will shoot 40 over over four
rounds. That's a 56 shot gap over four
rounds. So, it's not quite the same
game. The day we can accept that is the
day we shoot in the
80s. Oh man, a life. What a
shot. Oh my
god. Now I hit a great When I play with
10 handicaps, they like to use their
eyes to gauge and feel the distance to
the flag. And almost always they are out
by 10, 15, even 20 yards sometimes,
which while I understand the feel
associated with the way it looks,
they're not practicing enough to do
that. So this is a 50 yard shot.
Sometimes you may think it's a 70 yard
shot or a 40 yard shot or 30 yard shot.
It all makes a difference cuz we're
going to go over a bunker. The thing we
want to do is land it on the green. Now,
if we go at the pin here, there's a very
small amount of green there and it's
downhill. So, if I hit it at the pin and
I get the distance
correct, it's still going to
roll out. I mean, that one he landed
short of the green. If I land it on the
green, it's going to roll out to the
back of the green. So, what we can do is
to reset this is to get the actual
distance to the hole and then look left
to see what's in line with the pin. Is
there more green? Look right. Is there
no green? Is there more green? Go to the
fat side of the green. And if you find
that you have a nine o'clock shot in
your wedge matrix that's fits 50 yards,
use that. But depends on the lie. So if
you're sitting in the rough here with a
ball above your feet, you're going to
have to grip down a bit. So maybe you
have to change that. So always look for
an option and a club that's going to get
you to the fat part of the green to
ensure a putt. That's going to save you
dumping it in the bunker here or have,
you know, taking a double bogey instead
of making a par or bogey.
Now, yes, that's on the front, but we
have a putt. We may three putt it, but
it's better than putting two or three
more in the bunker, getting out, and
then two putting again. A big issue I
see with the 10 handicappers is slope
awareness or really unawareness because
this is the main reason we're getting
the three stabs. We do not hit the ball
close enough to the hole on our lag
putts when we're 10 handicappers. That
stops us from the 80s. What do I mean by
this, Maddie? Well, look, I've just
walked up the hill here. I can see that
hole is about a foot below me. This is a
very steep slope. Then what I see is
that beyond the hole, it's a slight ups
slope cuz it's the opposite direction. I
need to get that pace control to stop
around here. That's all good. That's a
tap in. I don't want to leave it here
and I don't want to blow it freaking 15,
20 ft by, which a lot of golfers will do
at 10 handicap level cuz no one's
practicing their putting. And I know
this is a fact because most 10
handicappers can play the same as a four
or five handicap off the tea, but then
the short game screws them. So you get
your read, which you're pretty good at
10 handicap, but we need that slope
awareness downhill. So what do I like to
do? Okay, I like to imagine a hole short
of the real hole on the line it's
taking. Then I look at that and this is
another issue I see with 10
handicappers. I'm going to give you many
issues. standing and practicing putting
strokes like
this. What the hell, man? This is like a
30ft putt, 27 foot putt. Let's envision
the real putt. Let's rehearse the real
putt. Give our brain a beautiful image
to hit into like a little movie being
played. I'm looking at this and I'm
giving it a little downhill stroke.
Exactly the tempo I want to use for this
puttsky by looking at my target. And
then when I line up, I must look again.
Don't just
go and then putt. Look again. See the
movie. And this is what I see. And then
that unawareness of the slope paired
with a terrible pre-shot routine
practicing. Or this. What is this? This
is a short putt. This is a three-foot
putt. So, let's envision. Let's obsess
over our our spot short of the hole
about 5 ft. And let's hit it there.
And that's all you need. If you can just
do these things, practice your putting,
go to a practice screen and just
practice that imagination. Downhill,
uphill, same thing. You're going to play
real good. And if you do smash it past
the hole, if you do smash it past the
hole, remember the return is now uphill.
You've given yourself a blessing. Hit it
firm enough to get to the hole. You get
freaked when you hit it too far past and
then you hit it too soft up the hill,
you drop your lipstick, you leave it
short. three putt out of nowhere.
Believe me, this one thing is going to
save you probably three or four shots
around. Just understand slope, envision
your putt, and do a proper rehearsal by
looking at your spot. See the movie
being played in your head and get the
right tempo. Don't give it all of this
just going through the motions because
that's one of the issue is just going
through the motion because that's what
expected of you. If you're doing that
nonsense stuff, I'd rather you just step
up to the ball and putt. Much better.
Okay, touch 21 yards away with a sand
wedge onto a down slope. If he pitches
in the right place for the down slope,
he's going to have a beautiful birdie
that's a little too far for my liking.
The war bird is going to roll out like
crazy.
Yes. Yes.
Okay, I'm at the place that Taj was
chipping from on this par five that he
bounded way past the hole after being
here for two shots. This is the kind of
shot that can make or break a single
figure handicap because you might get
many of them in a round and you want to
get up and down sometimes or at least
give yourself the chance to. So when Taj
is not aware of the slope and he's using
a stock issue uh from a set a sand
wedge, you know that big cavity back,
it's got a graphite shaft, there's not
much feel in that club and there's not
much spin coming off that face. So we
have to accept that before the shot. And
you can use any product you want. He's
using a hard ball, a stock issue
sandwiched from a set of clubs, but he's
hitting onto a down slope from a down
slope. So, when we hit from a down
slope, it's going to deloft the club a
little bit and it's going to hit the
down slope on the green and the green is
below us too, and it's going to shoot
forward. So, everything telling us here
hard ball onto a down slope from above
the green from a down slope with a stock
issue sand wedge is saying move that
landing spot closer to us. We cannot
land it 60% of the way or even 50% of
the way because it's coming out hot. The
club face is hot on that sand wedge. The
downhill is hot. It's going to speed on.
So, we have to try to get the ball to
land closer to us. Envision that that
landing spot instead of your standard
flat landing spot. And then let's make
sure we hit
it. and then it's going to shoot forward
and with the right speed, it's going to
be right next to the cup. But if we go
further than that or we have a standard
issue sandwich that's got that spring
off the face, wow, it brings in a lot of
variables and reducing the variables is
the best way to get lucky at this
game. Taji just off the green here using
his uh sand wedge
from about 24 yards.
using a sandwich from the fringe.
Sometimes people are more happy to chip.
Sometimes people want to putt. He went
for the chip. We have to understand that
around the green there's many kind of
lies. And to negate the problem with the
lie and to negate the problem of judging
how far to fly your high lofted wedge,
we can just use lower loft. Because when
we use the high loft, we're trying to
control the distance. We're not sure of
the spin coming out. And while Taj was
able to get up and down on the second
attempt, he added a shot there of the
duff shot. Getting out of the mindset of
56 or 60° only around the green is very
powerful. So with this, we can use a 7
iron. I would probably use a five or six
iron even. But let's get out of that
mentality of always using the sand
wedge. That's going to give you a nice
shot close to the hole for a par. We can
use tow
down. That's going to break in there.
That's tow down chipping because it's
giving us a nice five-footer. And then
we can do another one. Let's just try
let's just see how we do with a slightly
fattered
one. And even a fattered one. You see
there? It's going to get you on the
green. If you do that fat exact same
fat, the ball's over here. Now you got
another tough long shot. Let's get out
of the mentality of high lofted all the
time and let's start using the green
that we have to roll the ball up. Get
ourselves to within four or five feet.
make the up and down. 10 handicappers
have a deficiency in the bunkers. I see
it very often. Number one is there's no
practice. And number two, the technique
is all wrong because there's no practice
and they're playing twice a month, maybe
once a week. And I can fix it up real
good, real quick. When we get out of a
bunker, we are not chipping the ball. We
don't chip. It's not like that. You're
going to te them. You're going to keep
it in the bunker. You're going to fat
it. We have to enter the sand an inch
behind the ball with the sole of the
club. We just slap that. You can do it
with your right hand. Do use your
wrist. That's all you have to do. Now,
if you can do that and forget about the
ball and hit one inch behind the ball,
you're getting out of the bunker first
time because chipping doesn't work.
Standing square, ball back in your
stance and trying to chip the ball out.
Not going to work. So, we want to open
that stance up a little bit. Put most of
your weight on the left side and then
get that club face open. Start it open
in your grip. Not don't twist it open.
Start it open in your grip and grip the
club open.
Now we're going to enter the sand one
inch behind the ball, playing the ball
off our front foot and putting 80 70 80%
of our weight on the left side and then
skimming an inch behind the
[Music]
ball. And while that is not perfect,
it's going to take some practice. That
is a lot better than keeping it in the
bunker or shanking it out or blowing it
over into the other bunker. That's going
to save you shots in a round because
inevitably you will go in about maybe
two or three bunkers around and you can
lose three or four shots just like that.
But remember, it's not a chip, right?
You have to skim the bottom of the the
blade on on the
sand. There we go. That's the shot.
That's the shot.
Now, 10 handicap brothers of the Order
of the Stinky Winky. The issue I see is
club selection and decision making. You
are probably three or four decisions
away from breaking that 80 number. And
it's always something like a club
selection. It's always something like
not taking into account elevation and
wind. And it's some ego thing. So on a
tea, when you got a par five that you
may have boob jibbies on and you
normally take a double and you're
feeling uncomfortable, why not remove
the discomfort and do something
different? So there's nothing wrong with
hitting hybrids or irons or fairway
woods or par fives. You've got the game.
We just need to get this ball from I
mean it's saying 580 as the dog leg, but
it's more like 500 to the hole. Can we
hit two shots to inside wedge range
where you are now going to be practicing
a lot of your time? Of course, we can.
We don't have to hit drives because
we're not getting there in two anyway.
So, let's get the ball in play on a par
five. And it's going to serve you very,
very well
indeed. Lovely. This is where the
decision- making makes a big difference
is that the commitment to the decision
will bring you into the 70s because we
would hit a driver OB here. Let's just
for example say we have a problem with
OB right here. Let's eliminate it by
staying short of it. Then when we get to
our next shot, we accept that we can
have slightly longer shot in, but just
hit the shots we can hit instead of
chasing FOMO and chasing revenge shots
because we didn't hit our drive and we
feel like a chicken and our friends
making fun of us. We are on track here
to make a beautiful par. All par fives
are five opportunities. If you make a
birdie, it's purely lucky.
So, we said we hit another little hybrid
up there. We've got the shots. We just
want to get this inside nine iron
[Music]
range and that went way high.
If you want to go from a 10 handicap
into the 80s, very very simply, it is
conservative targets with a cocky swing.
That's what we did here. We took a cocky
swing with two shots. We hit a cocky
swing with a third shot by being
conservative. We've given oursel the
putt. And as 10 handicappers, you don't
practice putting. This is where the
putting practice going to help you get
the ball closer to the hole. And then
your cleanup putts are going to be
money. You're going to make a lot more
pars, a lot more saves, a lot more up
and downs to get into the 80s or 70s,
sorry. That's how you do it. I was a 10
handicap a long time ago. This is how
you get into the 80s. I see the same
mistakes over and over and over. Do what
I say. Get into the 70s. Come on. Check
this video over here for 10 rules on 10
handicap golf.