I'm just looking for the clock. There we
go. Hey everybody, thanks for watching.
Really exciting video today. I have a
new instructor on the channel, somebody
that is new to Better Golf, but has been
involved in golf for many years, his
entire life, and is really has this
awesome way of teaching that he does it
in an old school way, but it's lining up
with everything that science is starting
to discover
130 years later about golf. So, uh, he's
with us now. It's uh Mike. Mike, say
your say your whole name for us just so
we know how to say it.
>> Well, Michael Mangerina uh the stage
name is Monty that my dad picked when he
was playing the tour. They couldn't say
his name either. So, he picked the name
of his favorite singer at the time. It
was Lou Monty and he shortened it from
Salvador Manina to Salonte. So,
everybody in the golf business I grew up
uh knowing me as Mike Monty, but I
>> Right. So, on YouTube it's Monty's Golf.
>> Correct. Right.
>> Named after my dad. Yeah.
>> Okay, great. So, um we're going to talk
uh all uh so Monty has some some great
thoughts about uh how to get better at
golf that you guys are going to want to
hear. Let's get a little bit into your
history with golf in Miami and the
characters that you were around and then
kind of your lineage when it comes to
teaching.
>> Sure.
If you love golf, I was beyond blessed
and beyond lucky. When I was born in uh
64, I'm 61 years old. When I was born,
dad was still on the tour. He had joined
in ' 61. He had met, well, Melhorn met
him. Wild Bill Melhorn spotted my dad in
New York when my dad was about 18. I
guess that was 1954 or so. Yeah. Uh, so
when I was born, he was already around
Bill for 10 years. And, you know, when
you're a kid, you don't realize where
you are or who's around you. You just
think it's normal. But as the years went
by and uh I realized, you know, with
Golf Digest and newspaper reporters and
and famous tour players calling my dad's
golf course looking for Bill because
Bill was always at my dad's my dad left
the tour in ' 67,
uh became a feared money player on the
Miami Beach gambling circuit. And what
happened was this guy Ben Novak who
owned the Fountain Blue Hotel said to my
dad, "Hey, I just finished building a
golf course. you're the director of
golf. So, with that said, um took Bill
there with him. So, I was probably six
when that happened. So, I had 36 holes,
a practice facility, golf carts, wild
Bill Mel Horn, and my dad uh raising me
and grooming me to be a champion. Never
with the intention to be in the golf
business or to teach, but but to
compete. So, from a young age, I
developed this golf swing.
Unconsciously, when I tell you
unconsciously at 16, I was already
breaking 70, but I didn't know why or
how. I would just not understand why a
guy couldn't hit a fairway or a green.
And I would look at the hole on the
putting green and draw the putter back
and it would go in. So it wasn't until I
started to compete and was on the road
by myself and Bill Melhorn passed away
and my dad I was away from my dad that I
started to need a need to understand
what was going wrong when it went wrong.
So I reflected on his teachings all the
time. Now he passed when I was 25. I
turned pro when I was 22. Um,
I I remember I remember fellow
professionals, those some of who've made
the tour successfully, from Steven Ames
to Scott Gump to Lee Jansen, uh, Bruce
Fleer, who was older than us, always
saying to me, why aren't you out here
yet? And I try to tell my friends and my
family and my peers, it's a there's a
lot more to hitting fairways and greens.
It's like canning the putts
and managing your mind successfully for
four days in a row.
um having permission from within to go
ahead and capitalize on what you're
capable of. But getting back to my
upbringing, we were never ever ever told
anything about some of the things I'm
hearing today. And you know, and as the
I'll call them five-year increments
starting at say 1980,
every five years it seems like there's a
new way of expressing movement of a golf
club and how to get somebody to do it.
And it used to upset me tremendously. I
think I'm more upset now, but I'm more
mature now and how I'm handling it. I
feel bad for the golfing public in such
it's it's at an all-time high. The
amount of let's call it bologoney. Now,
I say this, all professionals that are
in the business, you're my friend. You
love golf, so you're my friend. And you
weren't as fortunate as me to be brought
up by the guy Ben Hogan called the best
he ever saw. And the guy that Ben Hogan
went to for help, Jackie Burke, Mickey
Wright, Byron Nelson, Jean Litler,
Sevy, I mean, they went to him because
he kept it very simple. And I try to do
it the same for beginners as the young
professionals that call me for help. Are
you gripping it like Harry Varden in the
fingers? And are you squeezing the club?
If you're in the fingers, truly in the
fingers of both hands, and you're not
clutching down with your palms, you have
a great chance of having muscles and
joints at ease with your arms. Now, if
your muscles and joints are at ease with
your arms, they're now depending on a
pivot to swing them and initiate their
movement and swing them up. Depending on
how big you pivot, that will determine
how high they go. But now you're
depending on them to move. You're
depending on gravity for the change in
direction combined with you unwinding at
the right time. But it really comes down
to such simplicity, the correct grip
from a good posture,
decent ball position, and a pivoting
action that initiates and delivers the
arms. I don't have to tell my club to
stay low going back. I don't have to
tell myself preset my hands. I don't
have to tell myself to my wrist. I
don't have to tell myself to shallow,
which I've heard too many times this
year.
there's a lag that occurs like a
baseball pitcher's arm lags when he
changes direction. He's not commanding
it mentally. He's not mentally directing
it. So I think back in the days of from
Bob Tuski to Mackrady and all this P
stuff when you make when you make
anybody conscious of their movements and
it's not just golf they lose any chance
of ever achieving fluidity which is what
everybody wants a repeating fluid action
that's mindless.
Our job is to get a student
to have good fundamentals so that he can
pick the right club, decipher what the
architect's looking for, play a high
percentage shot, but visualize the
flight and pull the trigger. If you're
out there mentally directing your
action, you're done. You're out of
business. I'll tell you a story. Um
Mel Horn was watching me hit golf balls
from the window at the pro shop.
And mind you, he was 91 when he passed.
So he was probably in his 80s when this
happened. He couldn't get in the golf
cart fast enough and drive up to the
practice team to say this to me right in
my face. How can you be so damn stupid?
I said, "What are you talking about?" He
goes, "What do you mean by, can I stand
up and do this for you?"
>> "Sure." Yeah.
>> He He caught me standing up to the ball
and staring at the ball. He said, "What
in the heck is going on in your head
that you're staring at this golf ball?
You're supposed to be looking down the
fairway, pitchering the flight, and
pulling the trigger. He said, "So,
here's what I want you to do. I want you
to stand over here,
walk up to the ball, hit it, and keep
walking." And then he said, "Somewhere
between that and what I saw you doing is
naturalness and you being mindless."
So, I say if you're even if you're
thinking of all the correct things,
let's say you have that high-speed
camera, you're in one of those lab coat
tech rooms
and you're you're telling the person all
the right things about what's a plane,
what a release looks like. The fact that
you have to mentally direct it, it makes
it wrong. I' I'd rather you be missing a
couple of things and not be thinking of
mechanics and I have a chance of getting
you fluid. But let let's talk about what
you asked me before. What starts the
golf swing? The answer is very simple.
What starts any movement when you're
throwing or hitting something? So, if I
have a tennis racket,
do I ever say to myself,
move my arm,
keep it low, my wrist? No. I pivot
and the racket moves. If this was an
axe, it's 60 pounds. I pick it up, I
pivot, and it swings back. If it's a
fungo I'm hitting with a baseball bat, I
pick it up and move. If I'm boxing, if
I'm throwing a javelin, you name it. The
pivot carries this. Now, this absurd
thing that's going on, it's new. Level
shouldered on top of the ball. Keep your
foot down. That hurts.
Not only does it hurt, it's unnatural.
Not only is it unnatural and it hurts,
but if you're not holding a lofted club,
you're going to catch hell trying to hit
that ball in the ass. You're going to be
hitting down on it. And the shafts were
designed longer and longer and longer so
that we without thinking with the right
grip when we pivot it duplicates the
shaft angle it began on. So the driver
will be the flattest plane the sandwich
will be the most upright plane. But the
idea is if I pivot and I have the right
grip that'll be so without thinking. But
if you have me staying on top of the
ball, dipping, and keeping this foot
down, you know, you tell the average
human being to keep their foot down and
their head still, they're going to dip
and they're going to sway a little. If
you let the people say, "Well, you lift
your left foot up." I say, "I never lift
my left foot up." Here's what I do. I
pivot and I let it respond to my pivot.
If I make a big pivot, it moves big. If
I make a small pivot, it moves small.
But it's getting light. Yet, I never
violated this boundary. You with me?
>> Mhm.
>> Okay.
So,
it's not the Mike Monty or the Monty's
golf method, and it's not the Melhorn
method. It's what does the body do in
every athletic action? And let's do
that. It's just another weapon. It's not
a new move is my point. And at no time
are we conscious of the movements in all
those other sports. Why be conscious in
golf? You know, I tell the story about
Dan Marino watching me hit balls and
say, "Mike, I I give anything to hit the
ball like that." I said, "Well, Dan, I'd
give anything to throw the ball like you
do." I said, "But here's what you're up
against, Dan. You're a world class
athlete.
You're asking me why do you suck at
golf?" And I'm going to tell you the
reason. When you say hike in a football
game, you immediately are responsible
for reading the defense and reacting to
what you see. And and you got three guys
running a pattern. You're picking which
one's best and you're going. At no time
did you know where your balance was,
where your weight was, how far your arm
went back. You're reacting. Just like if
I ask you, Brandon, to toss some balls
into a bucket, you're not thinking about
how hard you're holding the ball, when
you let it go, how far you went back,
where your weight was. Well, that's how
we have to play golf. Visualize and
react. But Mike, there's nothing to
react to in golf. The ball's stationary.
Exactly. That's what makes it so damn
tough. It's inviting you to let the
enemy in, which is thinking. And
thinking produces tension. How do we get
rid of that? That's where the grass
cutting drill came in. Because Bill
would make you cut grass, cut grass, cut
grass, and then he'd ask you, "Did you
try to cut that blade of grass or did it
merely get in your way?" Well, it just
got in my way. He says, "Well, that's
not a golf ball. It's a dandelion. Let
it get in your way." So for people So
for people that grew up cutting grass
just with a lawn mower, what is what is
a grass whip or what is a grass cutting
drill?
>> Funny or not, believe it or not, we used
a mid iron, a five iron, but there was a
true temper shaft that's still sold in
the hardware store. It looks like a golf
shaft, but it has a thin blade that's
about this long.
And before we eaters and lawnmowers, you
would swing it back and forth to cut
tall grass. So I think Spalding
um sent bunch of them to Harvey Pennic
and to Bill Melhorn. Harvey and Harvey
and Bill both enjoyed them, but Bill in
a in a sarcastic way wrote back, "Take
these things back. I'm losing all my
students."
>> Right. Right. It's
>> because it it also gave it also gave a
student rhythm because when you're
cutting grass,
>> you naturally won't do this. Keep your
arm straight, keep your head down,
you'll naturally start pivoting and
pivoting
and you'll just keep moving back and
forth cutting grass. And then Bill used
to line up balls and they'll be waiting
for me and he'd say, "Okay, now clip the
balls." So these are some of the things
that I was given as as tools to you know
Kevin Michaels is a friend of mine. He
said Mike you don't even teach the golf
swing. I said what do you mean? He said
well you teach fundamentals that have it
immerse it just it just it appears as a
result of a few fundamentals. I said
okay I'm going to quote that.
>> Yeah. So tell me uh just going backwards
a little bit.
>> Sure. Um tell tell me if somebody would
say what is the Melhorn method of
teaching and then also uh how and also
give me a little bit of history of uh
Bill Melhorn and uh like what age was
he? I know that he did some other sports
first and then what age was he when he
started golfing and then how do you
think he got so good?
>> Okay, I'll tell you. Uh Bill Mhm was
born in 1898. He was born in Elgen,
Illinois.
He uh his dad was a brick layer. He
loved baseball tremendously. It was his
first love till he passed. He loved
baseball more than golf. He got a job at
a you know caddying. He was making clubs
for Hillsbrook and Bradsby when they
were hickory shafts and forged irons
would be shipped over from England and
um he would actually design clubs for
Hillsbrook and Bradsby. There's even
sets out there still that say his name,
Bill Melhorn on them. um as a as a high
teenager maybe 18 19 maybe younger even
he uh was under the wings of Mr. Varden.
Harry Varden.
And Harry Varden saw the talent but said
to him, and I have an article I could
show you where Mel Horn quotes this. He
says, "Bill, if you don't stop swinging
as hard as you do, you're never going to
you're never going to get this. You're
not going to win." And he said, "I want
you to use twothirds of your potential
effort." And that's when Bill
had a run between 1920 and 1930 of 43
victories. He was the top 10 money
winner every year and I think he was the
top money winner for three years. Um he
had a little bit of a issue with alcohol
which contributes to why he was the
world's worst putter that whole time.
So, if you can imagine being labeled the
worst putter anybody ever saw and in the
same sentence somebody saying he's the
best I ever saw tea green. That's how
alcohol can affect your nerves on the
greens. But
um Bill
in that time um was friends with Babe
Ruth and they they actually made more
money those guys playing cards at night
than they did on the tour. But he's a
founding member of the tour. He was on
the first Ryder Cup team. He was a world
champion bridge player. Had a tremendous
photographic memory. Um probably didn't
graduate the eighth grade, but he was he
was really brilliant. And when you talk
about
people that went to him, um Hogan was
fighting a vicious hook. I think there
was only two people, Bill was one of
them that Hogan would trust with his
golf swing. And if you look at Mickey
Wright's finish and Hogan's finish and
um Babe Sah Harris's finish and Jackie
Burke's finish, you'll see his thumb
print on their finishes. They all look a
little different doing the same thing,
but in the finish, you'll see somebody
who can't hit it left. And that the ball
working right to left and a hook made
Mel Horn's stomach sick. He said the
natural flight of the golf ball was a
fade. And if you go to my YouTube
channel, I actually have a phone
conversation between Hogan and Mel Horn
and my dad. They're talking about the
new Apex irons at the time. I was just a
little kid. But Ben Hogan did ask Bill
on the phone, "Bill, you're still
hitting that fade?" And he said, "You
betcha. I'll never get rid of that."
>> But that fade,
>> that fade leads to money. That's how the
saying came about. Hit the fade and get
paid. When your ball's running right to
left, it's very hard um to not lose
control of it under duress. it'll turn
into a hook. Whereas a fade, if you
mishit it a little bit, it's weak and
short, but it's not running out of
bounds. You know what I mean?
>> Well, let me ask you specifically about
that because a lot of times people don't
like to hit the fade. I've seen two
ways. I've seen like there's the amateur
fade, which goes shorter than a draw,
but then there's a professional fade
that even Dustin Johnson and some of the
pros have learned that goes just as far
if not further. So what is the what in
impact what is the difference between
that amateur fade and then the pro fade
like Hogan the Hogan phase.
>> Absolutely. And I and I do want to talk
about that and I will right now but I
don't let me forget to talk to you about
the misconceptions about what a release
is.
>> Okay. Sure.
>> And um you know
>> we we can go anywhere you want with it.
>> Excellent. So when an amateur hits a
fade, it's usually a result of holding
the club too firmly and the arm being
artificially locked and the club is the
club is meeting impact
all like that. There's there's no late
shaft and they have let's this is a four
iron. Their four iron at impact is
probably like a five iron and the face
is open and they're really adding loft.
And I call it a bucket of feathers. It's
just it's like taking a bucket of
feathers and going like this. The ball
is so weak. The flight
when you when you can trap the ball as a
result of this lag that's created by
changing direction with the hips and
soft arms. When you're trapping the ball
and you're just working across it this
way just a little as you strike it, you
can hit a fade and still get that
piercing flight and not lose the
distance. Now, if you remember Chi-Chi
Rodriguez,
that was one of dad's roommates that he
traveled with on tour in the 60s. When
dad left the tour, he taught Chi-Chi for
another 20 years. When I say teach, he
didn't spend every day with him, but the
Florida swing, the Florida circuit,
Chi-Chi would fly in a week before Deral
spent some time with my dad after Deral
during the Invery Classic and then
before the Citrus Open. But dad got
Chichi to tee the ball like 4 in high.
Now back then
it was Pimmen
was a steel shaft and a bottle of ball.
So what dad talked about the teaching
was if you take a tennis racket and you
try to cut it, you can cut it, but can
you cut it on the upswing and tumble it
at the same time? So moving the ball
left to right and have it tumble. So
Chi-Chi would hit this beautiful
launched ball that would go out moving
left to right, but it was tumbling
forward at the same time. It was a
slider. And that's that's the fade a
tour player will hit. It's not going out
there and backing up like a 5 iron or a
sixiron. It's tumbling. Um,
describing what takes place within a 1
and a half second action is not easy.
I forbid my students to think about it.
I'll talk about it with you. No problem.
But you're not to think about it. So, we
like to we we like to say, "Hey, Joe,
you're very steep. Let's find out what's
causing it and fix that. Let's fix the
cause." Let's not say to you, "Joe,
you're steep. get flatter. That's not
the answer. The answer is to find out
why the guy's vertical and chopping at
it. So, when when we talk about what a
great golf shot feels like, it feels
like, and anybody who played ping pong
or tennis can relate to this, it feels
like you're about to cut it and you're
putting top spin at the same time. And
if you watch my right hand, I never ever
ever ever spin this ever. So, I'm going
to back up. I don't know if how much of
my swing you can see.
>> Yeah. All of it. As long as you're past
the chair, we we got it
>> that good.
>> Yep.
>> Okay. So, when we're holding it like
Hogan and Varden and I've got this club
in the fingers, I've got a V in the
middle. I've got this knuckle on the
side. See it? Okay. And I'm not pressing
down on this thumb with my right hand.
It's just sitting. It's just floating
here. It's just sitting here. When we
have that and I pivot and unwind,
that shaft lags and it gets slightly
flatter. When that happens, just like a
ball player changing direction, when
that happens, I never give that up. What
happens is this goes back to Mel Horn's
letter U drill, which a lot of people
have seen online. It looks like this.
Mel Horn said that the arms go up on the
sockets, down on the sockets, and up on
the sockets. There is no right and left
in golf at all. Zero. It's an illusion.
And the illusion is created by me doing
this, initiating it with a pivot. So
this and a pivot is this.
>> Mhm.
>> This and a pivot is this. My arms are
always going up on the sockets down and
back up. So when they go up, I'm doing
this to the ball. Nobody sees it because
as I strike it, the club's moving in
front of me. It's over here. So it looks
like I did this.
I did not do this. That that looks like
this at impact. I was like this at
impact.
And I was like that here and here and
here and here and here. It's forever
concave. And you don't take my word for
it because I didn't win the British
Open, but everybody bought Greg Norman's
Secret. It was a black hardened piece of
plastic you put your hand in and it kept
you concave. But nobody knew how to use
it.
>> And if you do the bad one, you'd hurt
yourself because it restricted your
ability to do the bad one. So Greg
Norman's secret, if you look at it, it
you were permitted to do this. Now add a
hip turn to that. There's your follow
through. And there is Mickey Wright, Ben
Hogan, Byron Nelson. Look at it.
>> So you're saying if you try to retain
this angle like and Greg Greg Norman
>> you'll slice the crap out of it if you
don't revolve it
>> up.
>> But if you try to retain this but don't
really turn your hips very much and just
thrust your hands at it, that's when
this could rip your hand off the thing.
Let's get into the cause of the flip cuz
you just brought it up and you made it.
>> Yeah, it's on my list. Yeah.
>> When I'm teaching a lot, let's say I
have 10 lessons in one day. I would say
if the if the 10 were brand new, nine of
them look like this at impact.
>> Mhm.
>> One reason is physical. Another is
mental. Here's the physical.
They were told keep your head still.
They were told don't lift your left foot
up. They were told move laterally.
They're stuck. It's like an inside
pitch. You're jammed up. You're going to
hit a foul ball to first. The athlete in
them flips it to save it from going dead
right. You're This is in the way.
Athletically speaking, if the ball rolls
to them, it's pitched underhanded like a
bowling ball. As that ball's
approaching, their left hip will do
this. It'll be out of the way. And this
won't have a reason to flip. It may stay
like this because of tension, but it's
not going to flip. When an amateur takes
a practice swing, you'll see this
moving. Here's their practice ring. It's
moving. Then they go to hit a ball and
you'll see their hips pause at impact
and then they try to move.
What is that? Well, goes back to the
stationary ball. When the ball is
stationary, we subconsciously stop to
assist.
So, even after I get a guy moving his
hips or a girl moving their hips at the
right time,
there's a habit when the ball's there of
slowing down the core for the sake of
impact. Now, here's where Mel Horn was
brilliant. Hey, Mike. And remind you, he
wouldn't talk like I'm talking to you.
It's my father that put it into an
understandable language. But Mel Horn
would see you flip and he'd say, "Do me
a favor. Touch your left ear. Now pivot
and go touch your left ear. Now address
the bull and go to your left ear." He
would get your mind. He would change
your paradigm. He would get your mind on
finishing by your left ear with your
right hand.
>> Yeah.
>> He would take it away from being
impactoriented and worrying about
impact. So he said to me, "Mike, I've
never hit a golf ball in my life." And
I'd say, "What do you mean?" Well, I'm
swinging to my ear. The ball's in my
way. You are hitting the ball. I'm
letting the ball get in the way. There's
a big difference.
And it's all here.
So beautiful grip, beautiful stance,
beautiful pivot initiating, beautiful
pivot delivering. But the mind is still
obsessed with impact. That's a problem.
So we overcome that.
Left ear,
left ear,
left ear. I pivot ear. That ball got in
my way.
>> Let me ask you a Let me ask you a
question that kind of goes with that.
>> Anything you want.
>> Yeah. the So, a lot of people look
really great when they're doing uh
continuous swing. So, you guys have the
the grass whip thing. Um I know that
this one golf biomechanics person called
Dr. Quan, he really loves continuous
swings. That's the number one thing that
he gets tries to get people to do. And
when you see them, if you just took out,
let's say they do 50 continuous swings
in a row, if you took out any one of
those and made it a loop, that would
look really good. But then when the ball
is sitting still and they have to go
from a dead stop to then make a swing
and make just one swing, not 50 in a
row, uh, all the athleticism goes away.
So like when your dad was teaching or
Bill or yourself or teaching, if you
have a golfer that is making a pretty
good athletic continuous swing, how do
you get them to then get that flow into
a one-off one swing?
>> That's a great question. I I answered
it. I I kind of answered it already, but
I'm going to add some and review that.
So, the the the question is is why when
people are taking practice swings back
and forth, whether they're doing the
grass cutting drill or this bioengineer
chemist,
whatever they're doing, they're not
thinking of the ball flight. They're not
they don't have a ball in front of them
that they're trying to get to leave the
earth into the air and perform a flight.
They're free. That's why Bill would line
up balls. one, two, three, four, five,
six in a line and have me treat them. He
would say, "Those aren't golf balls,
Mike. Those are dandelions."
[Music]
He was programming my mind that that
ball's in the way, just like a blade of
grass was in my way. I didn't stop and
help the grass get cut. But why is it
that when people address a ball, all of
a sudden the athleticism goes out the
window? Well, that I could tell you my
Michael Jordan story and it was just an
example that I I brought up in an
article. I said, "Well, Michael Jordan's
a world-class athlete. Everybody agrees
with that. Michael Jordan on a fast
break has two men covering him. He's
being double covered. He hits a fall
away jumper and it's all net.
Gets fouled."
Michael Jordan, who hit a fall away
jumper with two guys on him, all net, is
now on the foul line. Nobody's covering
him. They're on the side. He's got 25
seconds and all of a sudden he's doing
this. What happened to all the talent?
What's with the dribbling and the
breathing? Why don't you just hit the
free throw? What's going on? Well, he's
initiating. He's not reacting. So, now
he has time to think. And thinking
produces tension. So, what those guys
have learned to do to become better at
free throws is they're visualizing the
flight of the free throw. You see them
doing it and then they're reacting to
that pitcher. That's how we can get an
amateur to stop trying to help impact
and get and stop being mechanical. When
I have my students address the ball, I
command them like Bobelloa does with
people with putting. Look down the
fairway, picture your flight, look at
the ball, look down the fairway, picture
your flight, look at the ball, picture
the flight, look at the ball. You could
do it 20 times like Hubie Green. I don't
care if you do it 30, you could do it
once. But the minute your eyes get back
to that ball, pull the trigger. Now
you're reacting to the picture and
you're going to move more natural. If I
see you come back to the ball and you
stare at that ball, now all the demons
are whispering, you suck. You're going
to hit it out of bounds. Keep it low.
Don't forget to your wrist. Go to
parallel. Drive your arms down the top.
This is the language that they've been
programmed with from this internet. All
this position crap.
And again, if you love golf, I love you.
But try and do two things as a teacher
and you your book will grow. When they
show up and they're doing something
wrong, say what they're doing wrong and
then give them the cause. Don't look to
fix the effect. Fix the cause. And when
you go to fix the cause, speak to them
through a drill. Because even if you get
them to understand what you're saying
and they agree, their body doesn't care
what you two agree on. The body's going
to do what it's doing out of habit. Now
you have to break it like a wild bronco
with a drill. independent of their
brain. So if I told you Brandon,
Brandon, your hips are frozen. You're
you're picking the club up. You're not
pivoting.
Okay, Mike, I'm going to pivot on the
next one. You didn't pivot, Brandon.
Well, you agreed you were going to
pivot. Your body didn't care. What I
would do to you is I would tie your arms
up to each other and then I would tie
them to your chest and I wouldn't let
you hit more than a half a shot.
Now you're going to exaggerate this
carrying this because your arms can't
move unless you move. And I'll make you
pitch balls. 100 balls all tied up. That
will break the habit of not pivoting.
>> Right. Right.
>> Let's suppose Let's suppose you're
pivoting. Beautiful.
But your arms out of habit are following
the pivot inside because they're tight.
I'm not going to tell you, hey, you're
going inside. Don't do that. Do this.
What I'll do to you, Brandon, is this.
I'll make you touch your right ear,
pivot, and then go out here to show you
that the arms are swinging up on these
sockets, which I shot up with WD40, by
the way. There's no cement in here. You
know, you you talk about Scotty
Sheffller,
people look at his footwork. I don't
really care about his footwork. I see a
core initiating and a core delivering,
and I see arms that are going up in
front of him, down, and up in front of
him. That's why he wins and nobody's
beating him. He's always in front of his
core.
He's not manufacturing positions. He's
swinging up, down, and up.
>> There are people aware of this. I'm not
saying I'm the only guy who knows and
I'm the last link to Bill Melhorn.
>> Mel Horn had students that came and saw
him. I have people writing me all the
time. Hey, I spent a year with Bill. I
spent lessons with Bill. I love what
you're doing. There's people that are
aware of it, but I got to tell everybody
that's teaching out there, they're also
aware of when they're being BSE and told
a line of goods that doesn't work and
just makes them more more crazy and and
and now they don't even want to take
lessons from anybody because they're so
fed up with all the different opinions.
So, I say to them this, can you get your
arms to hang? Good. Throw a ball lefty.
Hey, look at that. You pivoted. Throw it
righty. Hey, look at that. You unwound.
you already know how to do it. Now, hold
it in your fingers and don't squeeze.
You'll see my students on online,
whether they're new or young
professionals, there's an aha moment
when they go, I've been working too
hard, not only mentally, physically. I'm
do I'm moving I'm moving less with less
muscle and I'm hitting it farther.
Well, it goes back to the engineers that
designed the wrecking ball. They
designed that lead bullet to hang from a
cable, not a steel pole.
Tension is the enemy. What breeds
tension? Thinking. And there's my
complaint with mainstream education. Too
much thinking about positions. It's one
and a half seconds to swing.
>> Okay. I have a question about that. So
there's a in my mind from a lot of the
different people I talk to and see
there's a big difference between the
golfer that learns let's say the
watershed moment might be like puberty.
the so the golfer that learns from a
really young age say before puberty and
that's most of the great golfers are
that way but almost all the people who
take lessons are people that are
learning golf in their 20s usually
probably their 40s or 50s and beyond uh
from when they're learning. So what's
the So it's great to be able to like go
up there and just pull the trigger and
just let things uh happen.
>> I see. But if this if this golfer that
is an adult learner uh just tries to go
up and let things happen, I mean it
really it could uh you know go through
your lenai. So what what are the
differences between how people who are
adults and everything that they've done
they've built their business and
everything it's all been intentional
through thinking now they have to kind
of let it go and be more athletic. How
can we get this kind of golfer to be
more
>> you know like wild?
>> Excellent point. Question for you
though. Has the person ever played golf
before? When they come to me, this
proposed, the supposed person,
>> they have played golf before, but they
didn't start golfing until their say
30s.
>> Okay. And they're coming to me with some
preconceived notions of what a golf
swing is.
>> Yeah, they've probably taken
>> for example, the people who watch
Beetter Golf are like people that are
obsessed with golf, but also with golf
instruction. So, they've heard a ton of
tips. So the the typical be better
golfer would be a person who started in
their 30s or 40s and now they're uh
they've seen a lot of stuff and they're
so they're they're trying to get better,
but it's it's very difficult to separate
the wheat from the chaff for them
specifically.
>> Well, couple of things and and I want
you to monitor where I go because I can
go far away from what you're asking
easily. If they come to me and say
they're interlocking and they're
squeezing the club and the right hand,
Brett, look, the right hand is under the
club and they've been told, they think
they're golf literate that that's a
strong grip. It prevents a cut and a
slice. I tell them this, I have a
selfish reason for wanting you to
improve. And that is you're my walking
billboard. When you say to somebody, you
took lessons from me and you're not
improving, that's reflective of me. So,
I'm not going to allow that. Now, there
are non-negotiables when you come to me
for lessons. One of them is the grip. If
you don't grip it in the fingers and
learn to not squeeze, and I prove to
them they don't have to squeeze. I show
them why. But if but if you refuse to
change that, I fire you as a student.
you will not be my student because
everything I teach is based on that grip
and a revolving action. So what I say to
people who are 35 years old and they're
playing for five years and they come to
me with a grip that's filled with
tension that their knuckles are pink and
white, I have to break that. Now if they
never played before, I get the right
grip and they leave with the right grip
the first day and the next lesson it's
still there. But when they come to me
like this and they've been that way for
five years, it could take me five weeks
to where that grip is correct without
them thinking. That's why my pre-shot
routine is vital. You'll always see my
students, they'll never address a ball
down here. They always come up here
first. And you know why that is? Because
up here, the heavy end of the club, I
can have it going that way. And it's
easy for them to witness that they're
not squeezing.
And then I tell them, "Tilt it to the
right and make sure that knuckle is
there to support you."
Then I let them do this. Put their ass
out and drop their arms. And I look at
their hands. If their hands look like
that, and then I tell them to go back
up. And sometimes when they go back up,
I see their palms are on there, that
means they're squeezing. If you see a
golf student hit a golf ball and they
finish here, I know they're squeezing
because if they weren't squeezing, the
club would be here
where it wants to be. It wants to swing
here.
So all these guys you see, you know,
Tommy Fleetwood won a tournament. Hey
everybody, we got to do what Tommy does.
He won a tournament.
Tommy's hitting a knockdown shot. He
played in Europe a lot. He loves to hit
knockdown shots and he loves to hold it.
That's a hold finish. That's a type of
shot. It's not a golf swing.
I hit that shot. It looks like this.
But I don't tell my students that's the
way you're going to swing now because
this guy won a tournament. The most
dangerous thing that happens is
amateurs will follow who's ever leading
on the tour. You're not built like him.
You don't have his tempo naturally.
And he's been doing it that way for a
long time. And more so than that, he
probably ruled and dominated the Greens
the short game that weekend. So, I've
seen guys shoot 66 with a horrible golf
swing. I've seen guys shoot 74 with a
beautiful golf swing. It comes down to
putting and chipping, but for the most
part,
I told you to monitor me because I'll go
away from what you asked.
>> No, you're good.
>> So, for the most part, when I get a
student who's been playing for five
years, and I get a lot of those, I have
to kind of, it's like they say in
martial arts, they come with a cup. I
have to unfill it before I could fill
it.
I got to show them how easy this is. And
usually I'll just walk up to a ball and
hit it and say they'll say I'll say, "Do
you know that I had no idea what I just
did? I visualized it and I went and they
well I'd love to do that." And then I
watch them address the ball and they
look like the Ping logo.
They're filled with tension and
thoughts. So I kind of go like this to
them. When I can get them to address the
ball with their arms hanging and the
correct grip, my next mission is to
teach them that the club head doesn't
move a centimeter until I start moving.
It reacts to me. I don't react to it. I
never tell my club go back, then my
arms, then my shoulders, then my No,
it's vice versa. The legs carry the
hips, the hips carry the upper body, my
arms are hanging from there. And why do
I talk that way? Because that's what
you'll see me do in every athletic
action. From an axe to a baseball bat to
a punch to a tent. Why do I have to make
a new laws of physics for the golf club?
>> What is the drill that you do that I
think I saw in the it was like uh it's
like a college a college team had Bill
out to to give a demo or something and
he was showing them to hit shots only
with his knees. That seems similar to
some of what you were just saying there.
Do you do you know what that is? That
film was shot at my dad's driving range
at the Fountain Blue. I was actually
standing over there, but I was a
probably 10 or 11 or 12 years old. I was
there. Um,
Bobby Shave just happened to be the
coach at FIU and my dad let him practice
there and uh,
Bill gave us a lecture to a few of the
players that day. Somebody happened to
film it. Now it's all over the internet.
Mind you, Bill was probably
seven, probably 77, 79 years old. He had
one lung. He was very honor. He he never
really felt good, but he wouldn't tell
you
some of the things he was saying. It
wasn't it wasn't wrong. It's just over
the years, you get tired. So, I try not
to deviate from those things that you
heard Bill say and what he taught my dad
and what he taught me, but I try to
relay it to each individual. If you come
to me for lessons, I'm going to ask you
a few questions because I have to know
within five minutes how you learn. You
might you might have to hear it. The
next guy, I could talk all day. He
doesn't hear a word I'm saying. He has
to feel it. Maybe another one is a great
athlete and he's a good mimicker. He has
to see it. I have to visually
demonstrate it. So, I have to find out
how you learned, right? But I also ask,
"What other sports have you played?" And
if you tell me hockey, I'll relate it to
the golf swing. If you tell me tennis,
ping pong, uh, I can relate it.
Baseball, I can relate something you
did. And if you're a girl that never
played a sport, it may sound
chauvinistic. I'm going to say, "Have
you ever swept the floor? Have you ever
trapped dust particles into a dustpan?"
Well, that's what I feel at impact.
That's what I feel. I don't flick them
into the kitchen sink. I trap them into
the pan. Right.
>> That's right. You know what I'm saying?
I find something a student can relate
to. So, you asked me, "What do I do with
the golfer that's been that's didn't
play when they were little, it's not
natural to them. I make it natural to
them. I find a way to get them to hold
the club naturally, softly, loose arms,
good posture,
and I teach them to pivot like they
already know how to do. And I change
them pretty fairly quickly." You know,
people say, "Mike, you're expensive."
I'm like, "Really? I'm a fifth of what
some of these guys are getting an hour
that are giving you 500 thoughts to
think of, and I'm I'm I'm changing you
faster. I'm I'm pretty affordable." But
I I'm just I just I'm telling you, if
you never played before, I'll have you
hitting the ball that day. If you're
playing for a while and you're holding
it cockeyed, it's going to take me a few
days to break that, even if you agree
with it. So, I don't know if I answer
your question or not.
>> No, that's good. Another question I have
is what do people have wrong about the
back swing and down swing? Especially
when it comes to like I saw when you
were doing one of those drills, there's
quite a bit of overlap between the back
swing and down swing. So, what is the
even that concept between back swing and
down swing? How is that wrong? Well, I
again I always try to relate it to
something where you don't think. So,
we're going to take a ball and we're
going to toss it underhanded right now.
Watch. Would you call this a back swing
with a ball and this a follow through?
I'm going to give you five balls. I'm
going to put a bucket over there and
you're going to toss them in. And what
happens is when you're all done, it's
always the same. I asked the student,
"How how far back did you go with that?"
I don't know. How hard were you holding
it? I don't know. When did you pivot? I
don't know. When did you let it go? I
don't know. Where was your weight? When
I don't know exactly. So, the fact that
people are asking that question makes it
>> makes it difficult because you're not
supposed to be aware of it. When you are
aware of the change in direction, we
have problems.
Now, I'll tell it. I'll tell you what
happens. No problem. But you're not to
think about it. It happens. If your arms
are at ease, they're waiting for you to
move. They're not going to That club's
not going to move until I do because
these are these have been shot up with
Novaane. There's I'm I have no tension
in them. They're relaxed. I pivot. If
you don't understand that this pivot is
un it's going one, two, it's unwinding.
Bill will take an old club and make you
throw it and show you that you pivoted
and you unwound. When the club was still
going that way, you were unwinding.
and then he'll show you a picture.
So, the answer is this is gravity. This
is going to be loud.
If these are dead weight, depending on
the size of the pivot, when they run out
of energy, they fall. And they don't
fall into my body because my body's
unwinding already.
But I'll tell you this, they're going to
feel like they're pulling you out of
their sockets and you didn't use any
muscle. That's real speed. And that's
speed you can count on because the
club's going to naturally release by
itself.
But if you have tension, yeah, you'll
have to command.
Put your elbow in your side shallow.
You'll have to start talking all that
nonsense if you're artificially firm, if
you're mentally directing positions. But
if you're at ease, the pivot swings them
up, they fall, and it's over. There's
nothing to think about.
How can most people that you see uh get
more power and swing it faster, do you
think?
>> Well, what's some of the common ways
that they're leaking power?
>> The the the most common cause of a lack
of speed is tension.
The most the the easiest way to increase
speed is to lose all the tension in your
arms and learn what timing is. So,
here's two swings I'm going to show you.
One of them, both of them are going to
have a good pivot and both are going to
have me unwinding, but one of them has
me unwinding at the right time and
that's the one that gives me speed.
>> The second one, my hips unwind before my
arms finished going.
>> There's some overlap.
>> The first one, I paused inviting this.
So, when a student's doing that from a
beautiful place, I don't accuse them of
going over the top. I don't even discuss
it with them. I give them this drill.
One hand only pivot unwind and all of a
sudden they start feeling this. They
start feeling the lag and the shaft
going this way, not that way. But as
long as they go back and this pauses,
there's going to be an invitation to go
that. But again, I have to be very very
careful. I don't want to become the
enemy. I don't want to become the person
that makes them think too much. So I
might say to them, "Hey, yeah, you are
going over the top a little. You could
see your divots right to left. You could
see the balls hitting a pull slice. I
don't need a $800 launch monitor to tell
you that. The ball flight told you that.
But what I will tell you is this. We
could fix it if you do this drill. And I
give them a drill and then they hit a
ball. I give them the drill. They hit a
ball. I give them the drill. All of a
sudden, their timing starts to change
and they're not going over the top
anymore.
This is given that they're holding the
club correctly and their arms are at
ease, right?
So,
non-negotiables,
the grip and the revolving body, those
are the two things. I'll work around
injuries. I'll work around tempos, body
types, doesn't matter. But I'm not going
to work around a terrible grip or
stationary feet and hips.
>> Now, when you say grip, the the things
that that you've talked about a lot is
the it's got to be in the fingers and
then you can't squeeze it. Are you okay
with a different amount a different area
of where the V's are pointed and maybe a
different amount of knuckles they're
seeing or is that also something that's
really important to you? Like can some
people be stronger or weaker?
>> No.
>> But or do you really have to the
position has to be the same?
>> I would say unless you're deformed,
>> this is the way your arm hangs. When I
start to see you walk around like this,
I'll let you hold the club like that.
>> Okay,
>> that's the way your arm hangs. Now, the
reason
the reason this is so important, Bill
said, "After you take your grip, remove
the last three fingers of both hands."
And he'd make me hit balls like this,
just my forefinger and thumb.
>> Mhm.
>> You want to talk about feeling of
feeling like you're going to lose the
club, but I don't lose it. If this is
moving, I don't lose it. But now, you'd
say, just put them on for the ride
and don't open them. Keep them curled.
If the player does a little of this in
the address, see it? When he takes his
back swing,
there'll be a threat of this happening.
He won't let it. He'll squeeze with this
hand. So, I don't allow this because I
know what it promotes. It promotes that
squeezing.
This promotes this being soft because I
have an insurance policy now. See it?
>> Yeah, I see.
>> And this seam that's here, that protects
it from wanting to collapse this way. So
people think they're okay with this.
Hey, my knuckles on the side. Yeah, but
this is wide open. You're dead
because when you go back and it and it
lags, it's going to collapse. But you
won't let it collapse. You'll squeeze.
Then you're like this at impact and you
want to know why you're hitting a push
slice. Well, I don't want to fix the
push slice. I want to fix what's going
on and causing it. It's up here. And
guess what? It's not up here. It's right
here.
So, I'll always trace cause and effect
back to the fundamental posture,
address, ball position, and grip. If
this is all good, and now we start to
see ball flights we don't like, I'll
find it. But at least it's not from the
fundamental setup and grip. It might be
your timing. It might be lateral
movement.
>> All right. Well, this is great. I've
taken up a lot of your time. I really
appreciate it. if people are interested
in coming to visit you and get a lesson
with you or uh first what uh how can
they see some of these videos that
you've been putting up.
>> So if everybody here goes to
montesgolf.com mtsgolf.com
at the top of my website are icons for
Tik Tok, Instagram and YouTube. On the
site itself
I have people who want to perhaps fly in
from whatever country or state they're
in. I have three-day camps available.
There's plenty of spots left this
winter. I have a three-day camp every
month. If you're here in Florida, I'm at
Teacher Rodriguez Golf Club in
Clearwater. If you're unable to attend
live, you can visit me on uh sneeed.app
and take a virtual lesson where you can
be I just gave another one to a young
professional in Ireland today. It's very
productive. I just can't put my hands on
him and manipulate his body, but it's
the same as being there other than that.
and he's progressing and another young
pro in Venezuela. I've got students all
over the country, but I am especially
proud that the young professionals are
starting to see the light that they
they've hit a brick wall in their
progress and they understand that it's
they're thinking too much and they're
not fluid, you know. So, um that's the
way to get to me. The best way is the
site and you can go anywhere from there.
>> Awesome. Great.
>> And I say one other thing.
>> Yeah, go ahead. People say, "Hey, Mike,
where have you been?" No, a lot of
people don't bring it up, but a lot of
people say, "You got all these fellas on
on the internet. Where have you been?" I
took I took 11 years away from golf. I
was kind of burnt out. I was teaching 60
lessons a week. And um I hit a brick
wall in my competitive uh dream. And I
went into business and I I learned an
awful lot by being in business. I had a
couple of retail things and then I was
running a a company and the owner of
that company taught me much about
business and marketing. Um, and I've got
a lot of that to share as well. So when
when I meet young professionals
especially,
I try to I try to also show them that
golf is such a beautiful game because in
your effort to become a better golfer,
it forces you to become better at
certain things that have nothing to do
with golf like patience, discipline,
all these things I learned in golf, I
relate to business and vice versa. And
you know, you're running a a successful
company now. Um,
you can't not hit balls in your
business.
>> Yeah. Right.
>> You have to do the work.
>> But there there are there are ways if
you're a teaching professional and you
don't have any aspirations to be a
playing professional, one day I'd like
to talk to you about the difference
between the two. But if you're aspiring
to be a teaching professional and you
want to grow your following, whether
it's online or live, there are things
you need to know from a business
standpoint that you're you're not taking
care of. you're not marketing properly,
you're not networking properly. So, I
can help them with that, too.
>> Great. When you were in uh Miami, did
you ever run across Bobby Lopez, who's a
He's a friend of mine. He's a teacher up
in Virginia and uh North Carolina.
>> Bobby Lopez used to work for my dad.
>> Okay. Yeah. Yeah. He's a real good
friend of mine. So, he's probably 12
years older than you or so.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
>> He knows me. He knows my dad. I was a
little kid when he was there, but Yeah.
So the that that that that's another
that's another um podcast. But growing
up in Miami, the son of Salmoni and
having Wild Bill and all the characters
that came through.
>> Sure.
>> There's a lot to talk about that have
nothing to do with
>> Yeah. Yeah. I'd love to hear some of
those gambling stories. I'm sure this
show
>> Hopefully you and I can get together
again.
>> We will. All right. Thanks a lot. So so
much. All right. Talk to you soon. Stay
on the line. I'm going to stop the
recording.
>> Okay.