Hey, markets aren't doing too well.
Let's discuss. So, I'm sure by the title
of this video, we're going with some
real quality clickbait today. It's
probably I'm dumping my coins. The
market's over. Crash from hell. Tariffs
have [ __ ] us all kind of something
to get your attention. You're probably
wondering if I'm thinking about selling.
What my reaction to all this is. So,
look, yes, I am thinking about selling.
Yes, I'm sitting in the shower mapping
out my sell points. In fact, I am
sitting around most days now thinking
about how I'm going to be dumping all my
coins. But right now, no, I'm not
selling. I think selling right now would
be the stupidest thing you could ever
do. I'm never going to offer you guys
certainty in this video, but I'm really
confident. I think there's a very high
chance this is the start of the bull
market. This is something that has got
me extremely bullish. And frankly, if
I'm being honest with you, I was
dreading making videos the last few
weeks because the market was just so
flat and boring. It needed some
injection of some zesty sauce put into
it. This is the zesty sauce. And if you
can just listen to me for the next 10
minutes and calm down and avoid all the
bearish euphoria going on X right now.
people saying alts are done forever.
Crypto's done forever. This is the yen
four-year cycles. We topped all this
kind of stuff. You're going to see that
this is just a massive overreaction. At
least in my opinion. I think it's
probably the most obvious overreaction
in the history of crypto. And I actually
mean that without hyperbole in the
history of crypto. This is the most
ridiculous thing I've ever seen and it's
so stupid and you should just be
laughing at it because what we're
looking at is the most manipulated dump
in the history of crypto. Not not just
like in the last week in the history of
crypto. and you shouldn't be paying it
any respect whatsoever. And I think if
you can just sit down, calm down, and do
nothing right now, unlike everybody
who's just has to have some strong
opinion about this, you're going to make
so much money if you're buying from
these prices or if you just hold from
these prices. I realize a lot of top
alts are down 50%. Actually, some of the
smaller caps are down much lesser.
That's because all these top alts were
on the exchanges where all this funny
business happened, and some of the
smaller ones were not. I'm going to
explain this to you in a second, but I
understand that some alts are down 50
60% yesterday. They're already back
within 30% of their highs. And I think
if you can just chill for a second,
you're going to see that in a couple
weeks, maybe even as soon as next week,
Bitcoin's going to be back at all-time
high. Ethereum is going to be back at
alltime high. Alts are going to be
pumping up. And people are going to be
saying, "This was the greatest buying
opportunity of all time." And posting
their buys instead of saying, "I told
you so." And saying, "Alts are over."
And whatever. So, let me give you the
stuff behind why I'm thinking like this,
and hopefully it will help you out. So,
I'm going to pull up Coin Market Cap.
And if you notice, today I'm just going
to be chill with you because I know you
guys are probably a little bit more
pissy and soggy than you usually are.
And frankly, the last few months in
crypto, this ties into it. This is where
the content actually starts. No jokes
today. Okay, just one. Just just one.
But part of one of the reasons why we
dumped so hard yesterday, just in my
opinion, is the past few weeks,
particularly the past month, people have
reached an all-time impatience with the
market. And I'm going to be straight
with you. Uh I've been really annoyed as
[ __ ] lately, too. That's why I haven't
barely been uploading videos cuz the
market I understand what it's doing but
that doesn't mean I like it. Now, let me
explain that. So, usually in crypto when
my emotions get very negative or I get
very sour about the market or impatient
about the market and not wanting to do
crypto anymore, that's almost every
single time when I should be buying or
when I should be holding or doing
absolutely nothing. When I'm really in
the crypto I'm really excited about,
that's usually the time I need to be
selling. So, when I'm looking at my
emotions and how I'm thinking about the
market, the more annoyed I am, the more
confident I actually am in the market,
but it doesn't feel good. and it's not
fun to talk about. And if you look at
all of Twitter and you look at all the
comments, people have just been [ __ ]
outraged because Bitcoin has gone up for
a calendar year and most of the smaller
coins including ETH haven't even really
done much. And I think that's about to
change because this wipeout just reset
everything. And so this has driven
people to insanity. And you've seen
market makers just pulling the levers up
and down, dumping and pumping, dumping
and pumping because every reaction they
do, everything they do to the market
gets overreacted three to four times
because people just won't [ __ ] wait a
couple months to get the gains they need
to get. They won't wait for what is
obviously coming. I think if you think
that Ethereum isn't going well past its
all-time high, probably $6,000, $8,000,
I think you're a crazy person. Like
that's not even me being unreasonable. I
think you're just crazy. And I think if
you think that when that happens, we're
not going to see the money spill onto
alts and everything, I also think you're
just crazy. I don't think that's a very
hot take on the market. I think it's
just basically what's about to happen in
the market. If you look at all the
liquidity in the world and everything
going on. And so yesterday, what I think
you saw was the culmination of all this
frustration combined with the market
makers pulling every lever they possibly
had to dump the market. Trump announced
this, the exchanges locked down. You saw
all sorts of funny business on Binance
that caused massive, massive
liquidations and so many people just
said, "Fuck this. I'm done." And this is
usually when you see the biggest gains
happen in crypto. I'm going to get into
each of these points point by point. But
at the top of markets, when you see a
big dump, what you see after it happens
is people laughing and giggling around
and then it slowly dumps more and dumps
more and dumps more. We'll go over the
last uh bare market start here in a
second. You don't see people celebrating
on X. You don't see people saying, "I
told you so, the market's over." You
don't see people predicting that alts
never run again. You don't see people
predicting that the four-year cycle's
over. You don't see four months of
pessimism and annoyance and frustration
in the market signaling around a top.
Okay, last top, if you even mention that
the market could go down, you got chased
off X. I'm not kidding. If I went in,
you can go see read some of my last
videos were around the market top. I was
saying, "Hey, like things are getting
pretty overheated." Like people found
you. They chewed you out. They made
videos about you. They ripped you apart.
The comment section was pitchforks and
fire. That's what a top looks like. This
is not what a top looks like. And I'd be
extremely blown away if what we just saw
was a top because everybody was super
pessimistic and more money was sidelined
than ever before in history. And so what
happened when this pimple of frustration
was poked with a lightsaber yesterday?
It exploded in a pusf filled bubble and
all this stuff that's been bubbling
under the surface has been reset. Which
is why I'm excited to make this video.
Which is why I'm like, finally I can
have something to talk about on this
[ __ ] channel instead of just like,
hey, yeah, the market's really annoying
and we just have to be patient. Now is a
time when we need to be striking. So,
let me explain this to you and explain
my logic to you because I think it's
going to stop you from making a really
stupid decision right now, which is
selling. This be the stupidest thing
you'd ever done. I realize alter in a
bad place right now. I don't think it's
going to be that case for the next
couple weeks. Here's why. So, the first
thing we're going to look at is the best
two buy points in the last decade in
crypto. And so we're going to go through
the Ethereum chart right here because we
mostly deal on alts and I want to show
you what's going on right here. So here
are the two best buy points in the
history of crypto. So this is right
here. This is the COVID crash right
here. Now if you zoom in, this was
devastating. Okay, ETH, we didn't just
go down 30% on ETH. ETH went from $220
all the way to about a dollar uh $110 if
my memory serves me right. It took like
a 60 50% dive. And if you looked on X,
this was like the same exact thing we're
seeing right now. We we just saw Let's
go look at the co the co dip right here.
This is probably the most helpful thing
you're going to see today. Okay. So,
what does this look like to you? This
looks like what we've experienced the
last 6 months. Just a lot of waiting for
something to happen. You have to
understand around the COVID time period
right here, everybody was waiting on
pins and needles for the four-year
cycle. Everybody was like, "Okay, it's
about that [ __ ] time again. It's time
for us to get paid. it's time for us to
collect our crypto welfare. And then
alts and everything didn't do anything.
And during this time period, you can see
that ETH went to like an all-time high
right here, not his all-time high. And
it just bobbled around and people were
like, "Oh, it's it's not even ever going
to go back to its all-time high." So,
let's compare to something else right
here. During this time period, too, we
also saw Bitcoin go and pull a 3x and
lead the entire market. Well, nothing
else did much. This is sounds similar to
something you're seeing right now. It's
exactly carbon copy to what we just saw.
And people were calling a top on this
run right here and saying the four-year
cycle was over because looking at this,
Bitcoin ran up, led the market. Alts
didn't do anything. People were like,
"Alts are dead." And alts got
annihilated right here. Absolutely
annihilated. When Ethereum went and
crashed right here, alts were already
not doing well. And so, people just
absolutely caved. And if we go look at
some alts back then, you can see like
one of the leading alts back then, Chain
Link, sort of kind of massive, massive
70% dump. And it stayed there. Okay. On
the flip side, if we go look at like
Dester right now, it's down 20% from 10
cents. So, excuse me if I'm not like I
was I was here during this and I bought
the [ __ ] out of this dump right here.
This is actually where I got in the
crypto at. And trust me, and all my buy
points are wonderful. I also held right
here, then lost my ass right here and
made my money back on the second part of
the run. So, don't don't I'm not saying
everything I I buy is golden. That's not
the point of this video. I'm saying we
were seeing the exact same sentiment we
saw then. We saw a bull market where
people were mostly frustrated and mad
and reaching levels of mass pissed
offness, little dips, people getting
really frustrated saying crypto's over.
The four year cycle's over. Alts are
over. Alts never going to run or end.
It's the same. It's different than 2017.
Then it just dumped and people are like,
"Yep, that's it for crypto. It's dead.
It's dead." And it was the best time to
buy in the history of all of crypto. If
you bought right here, you're very rich.
I made a lot of [ __ ] money buying
right here. I lost half of it right
here. And then I learned my lesson and
made money on the second part of the run
right here. So where there we go. Yeah.
So I've been this is when the market
originally nuked right here. I lost my
mind and I was able to make a lot of it
back in the second part of the run.
Again, that's not the point of it. Now
let's go look at another example right
here. The second best time to buy. All
right. So we're going to go and find the
FTX crash, which I'm assuming is about
right here. Okay. You ever been like hit
with a grenade and in Call of Duty and
you just hear like the the beeping sound
and like every there's body parts thrown
all around. is saving private rhyme
moment. This is what this moment was
like right here. Now, let me describe
this top to you very quickly at this top
right here. Again, I told you if you
even hinted at the market being topped
out at here or right here, people like
made videos mocking you. And so, at an
actual peak, you're going to see so much
euphoria that it's going to be the
opposite what you're seeing right now.
So, if I post a bullish take on X right
now, like 50% of my comments are just
people freaking the [ __ ] out. Okay? If I
post a bearish take around the actual
top, you're going to see 50% of my
comments are people just like ripping me
apart. There's going to be actual
threads like books written on how stupid
Alex Becker is. If I call if I say
anything bearish around these tops right
here, that's what was happening last
time. I called the Cardano top
perfectly. There was pages, people
writing books about how much I suck and
how stupid I am. And then everybody lost
everything in Cardano. That's what a top
looks like. Now, if we can go over the
last buy point right here, we saw
something very similar happen. The FTX
crash happened and exchanges were not
prepared for it like they were
yesterday. Same thing with CO. They
weren't prepared for that. And that's
why the crash in COVID was so huge. And
when you see these huge liquidations in
crypto, it's not because everyone's mass
selling. It's because exchanges back
then would always go down and only like
a select amount of people could buy
coins. Coincidentally, kind of funny,
weird, right? And then everybody would
get access to exchange all at once and
they dump and the the exchange wasn't
prepared for it. The leverage wasn't
prepared for it and it just wipes the
market out huge amounts. Same thing
happened during the FCS crash and
people's crypto bank accounts got nuked.
Their savings accounts, Luna, where
people stored billions of dollars went
to zero. And again, people are like,
"Yep, that's it. It looks like that's
that's it for crypto. We're actually
just legitimately a scam. This is over."
And if you mention anything, I saw
people buying Salana at $12. Like Elliot
Trades bought Salon at like 12 bucks or
something. He made a [ __ ] killing off
of it. People were making fun of people
buying, insulting them, going nuts. So,
I want you to go through X right now
after you watch this video and tell me
where we are. Tell me what type of
market situation we're are we in one
right now where we just came off of
euphoria and we're going down and people
are laughing. People were laughing this
entire way through. Hold the dip. Hold
the dip. People are not laughing right
now. People were not laughing right
here. People were not laughing during
the co dip. What type of market
situation are we? Are we in one where
people are overly bearish and
euphorically bearish? or we are in a
recent top where people are foaming from
the mouth and so drunk they can't even
picture what a bull market's going to
look like. People thought we were going
to 100,000 Bitcoin at this point. They
thought we were going at this point
right here. Suggesting we weren't going
to a $10,000 ETH was like going into a
church and yelling the n-word while
wearing a a a satanic pentagram on your
shirt. You couldn't do it. The market
situation is not like this. This is not
what tops look like. It just simply is
not. Now, what's the takeaway from all
of this? What's the takeaway from all
this? This is likely an FTX. This is
likely a COVID crash. I'd say odds are
70%. I'm not going to give you certainty
on this channel because like I state in
all my videos and my disclaimers, I'm
gambling. I don't trade. I look at the
overall trend and I look at what's
overall likely about to happen. My
thesis is the same thesis it's been for
the last two years. Wait for an Ethereum
all-time high and it to cleanly bust its
all-time high and then once it does
that, all the liquidity is going to flow
in alts. We haven't seen Ethereum go to
5,500 to 6,000 8,000. That's when people
are going to get drunk. Okay? And if we
go look at the COVID crash, this is the
best example to what we're looking at
right here. Again, here's the COVID
crash. This is a 70 80% dip. This is
what people claimed was the end of
crypto. And then we just saw everything
kind of rebound and then do this. This
is Ethereum. This isn't some shitcoin.
And so again, people hit max
frustration, considered crypto dead, and
it was absolutely the worst time ever to
consider crypto dead. I think this is
the same exact thing right now. We saw
literally the same exact movement on
Bitcoin. We've seen the same exact
movement on ETH. We've seen the same
reaction on alts. We're seeing the same
behavior from people. Either we're going
to see all the same things that mark the
best times to buy in crypto history. And
then it goes lower, which I don't see. I
don't who's who's left to sell. Are are
you are you at this point? Are you
selling? If you still have your coins, I
don't think there's people left to sell.
There isn't a there isn't some huge
reserve of money being held if people
are just like, you know, I think I'm
just going to wait for it to go 20%
lower and sell. It's just like that's
it. Like people have been sent to ground
zero. It's been full reset right now.
And so the odds are right now, the odds,
not the certainty. I'm not calling
anything. It can go either way. This the
odds firmly firmly show this is probably
a COVID-like dip leading into the actual
bull run in alts, which is what we're
all looking for. Look, I have a massive
amount of Bitcoin. I have a massive
amount of Ethereum. That's my
responsible grown-up portfolio. Like I
tell you in these videos though, we like
if we're going to make the big money and
our where we're gambling at. Gambling
being the key word. This is why I leave
the [ __ ] disclaimer out there. This
is why I tell you guys we need to hold
instead of trying to go and trade
because you're going to lose your mind
at times like this. And you need to
understand with this dip right here,
people are like, "Oh, alts are down 50
60%. Oh my gosh. Oh my goodness. This is
the worst. This is worse than the
Holocaust." If we go look at B&B's crash
right here, this is this is an example
of a more midcap alt back then. All
right. So, you can't even find the COVID
crash in here if we're looking at it.
And so, everyone's like alts are down 50
60%. If you've been buying with me, this
is the prices we got it at a few months
ago when things were crashed. This is
the prices, this is way below the prices
we got stuff at in 2023 when we made
most of our big buys. It's down 50 60%.
Does it [ __ ] matter in the context if
we get an actual bull run? Does it
[ __ ] matter? No. If anything, is it
just a great buy point? These prices
don't matter. Everybody here losing
their mind saying, "Oh, it's down. It's
down 60." Like, does this actually
matter if the coins then go and do a 30x
from these coins? It just doesn't. And
these coins right here, you can see.
Let's actually go find the real COVID
crash on BNB. Believe this is it right
here. Look how fast these things are
able to recover their prices. This is
what alts do. Yes, they go down 60%.
They also go 3x on a day. People just
have forgotten this because people are
thinking in in terms of months with
their buys. If you are not a really good
trader, look, if you're a really good
trader, you're not watching this
channel. 99% of people in crypto are not
good traders. They have no business
trading. They have no business trying to
time the market. their best bet is to
buy Massive Fear, aka what we're seeing
right now, and hold until it happens.
So, I think it's inevitable that ETH's
going to go to 6,000, $8,000, $10,000
this run. Now, let's look at all the
things that make this look even stupider
than the COVID crash. So, during the
COVID crash, the world was actually on
fire. We didn't know what was going to
happen. Businesses were shutting down.
You couldn't leave the country.
Everybody had to stand within six feet
of each other for no [ __ ] reason and
and go to restaurants and put a mask on
and sit down and then take their mask
off and then put their mask back on as
they went to the bathroom. Like we were
living in the peak retardedest times of
humanity. This was the worst time ever
in modern humanity. So at this point
right here, people saying the world's
over. There was some justification right
here. But where are we at with this
crash right here? That's so [ __ ]
ridiculous. Let's just look at
everything that's that's recently
happened right here. The thing you need
to look at right here is people are
going to say it's not that bad. It
doesn't really matter where the price is
right now in terms of where it was a
week ago. Like people are like, "Oh,
it's only down this." It doesn't matter
where it is exactly right now. Okay,
this this looks bad. But we're not
trying to say, "Oh, it's only down 20%."
What we're looking at is the overall
market sentiment and what's happening in
the world right now. So, right now in
the world, we have the most amount of
money stabled up in money markets and
now in gold than ever. But when the
market topped last time, that's when
rates were starting to skyrocket. And if
you were involved in business back then,
money was essentially free. People were
buying companies on 1% rates, basically
free money left and right. People were
printing, the government was printing
money like crazy. Money was free. And so
that's what fueled the market. And then
that stopped happening. And when it
happening, when it happened, the market
crashed. Now what happened after the
COVID dip is the thing that marked the
the government printing all that money.
That's what marked the huge crazy
business explosion that we saw. If you
own businesses back then, you were
getting offers left and right for crazy
amounts of money cuz people could
literally buy a business on a loan for
1% take the company public and triple
their money. This is what Shamath did
for example. He went and bought tons of
companies with other people's money
super cheap. Blew up the companies
dumped all of it. It was an origgy of
money and it was signaled by the COVID
crash stopping. The COVID crash was not
the end of it. It was the start of it.
That's what we just saw right now. So,
with money becoming free again, which is
Trump's goal, he just crashed the
market. He's definitely going to get his
lower rates now. And more money being
stabled up in money markets and gold
that's not going to be giving good
returns anymore. It's not going to be
yielding the same amount. You could get
you could literally take a million
dollars, put it in money markets, and
get 50,000 year a year back without
doing anything. A 5% gain every single
year. That's great if you're
conservative. That's done. So people
don't have anywhere to stick their money
right now and the prices are phenomenal.
Now you look at this, the rates are
going low. So people are going to get
access to free money again. We are also
looking at the biggest productivity boom
because of AI in the history of
humanity. Companies connected to AI and
things around AI are going to hit the
craziest overvaluations you've ever
seen. And crypto is deeply embedded with
AI. This is why before this crash
happened right here, you saw Tao going
and showing signs of pumping, which I
think is one of the best buys ever right
now. AI coins are the best buys ever
right now. All right, so if we go look
at the last 7 days, all right, but you
can see TA was running up before this.
The market wants AI coins to run.
They're going to run, especially with
the stock market and companies surging.
In the stock market, what we've seen
right now is the top companies really go
up and then most other stocks have not
done incredibly well. We're about to see
those other stocks I in my opinion do
incredibly well because again we just
had this reset. People are going to move
in and then they're now they're going to
start moving in all that money they've
been waiting to move in. So that's the
first point right here. The climate is
ripe for absolute degeneracy. It's not
like the top of last run where the
degeneracy was being ended. The free
money got ended. This is not the case
anymore. It's it's the exact same
situation as co. Now what did we [ __ ]
see yesterday before this hit? We saw a
person go probably a Trump family
member. And as much as I like, as you
guys can tell, I'm definitely not a
liberal. Okay? I don't support men
[ __ ] in the women's bathroom,
letting in millions of illegal people,
and people being stabbed on trains is
just a eh collateral damage. I'm not
really into those things. So, you know,
forgive me if I don't use your pronouns,
but Trump is known for all sorts of
degeneracy in crypto. Just the goofiest
crap ever. And I really wish he would
stop because it ruins all the other good
things that I think they're doing.
Regardless of that, whether you're left
or right, I love you on this channel. As
long as you don't want dudes showering
with my wife at Planet Fitness and think
a dude being shot in front of his family
is a funny funny afternoon to you, we're
we're good here. We're fine. Don't worry
about it. I'm not that political. Just
reference that before people get their
Trump arrangement. Like I I I really I
see the both sides of the picture. But
Trump [ __ ] around and never finds out
with any of this stuff. And you saw
people go last yesterday morning before
the announcement came out and make $200
million bets that the market was going
to go down. They saw this coming. They
knew this was coming. It was
intentional. We saw Binance do all sorts
of weird ass [ __ ] If you looked at
Binance, for example, and you go look
at, for example, and you're not going to
see it on this chart because Coin Market
Cap doesn't show it. You saw Sooie go
down to like 30. I I this don't quote me
on this cuz I'm not checking my sources
or anything on this, but you saw Suie
like super dump right here, but on
Binance, I think it went down to like 35
cents or something ridiculous and then
no one could log into Binance and buy.
Weird. What a coincident. So, we saw all
the market makers time all of this with
the peak frustration we've been seeing
in crypto and shake everybody out and
then trigger all the leverage people and
liquidate all of them before their their
stop dabs could be triggered. It was the
perfect perfect destructive shakeout.
This was the best one to ever happen in
crypto history. I refuse to think that
we saw this happen perfectly timed when
the mass market topped. You didn't see
stuff like this until about six months
deep into the bull run when FTX crashed.
Everybody thought it was still going up.
It's not like Binance and FTX got
together and crashed the market. Then
Binance went and killed FTX on purpose
at near the bottom of the bull run and
then liquidated people at the best
possible time for them to do it. Binance
has a history of doing this stuff. Now,
is this a conspiracy theory that I'm
getting into? 100% yes. I don't know if
any of this is what is kosher, but I
know with certainty this was the most
manipulated dump ever, ever, ever, ever,
ever. And so looking at this, we have
more money sidelined than ever. We have
the biggest productivity boom ever in
the in humanity. Literally in humanity
with AI, everything is going incredible
on my business side and all the business
I'm running. It's insane. Businesses are
going to grow in productivity. The human
the average productivity of a human is
about to 5 10x. It already is. Like if
you have people in your companies and
they're using AI and they're using it
smartly, you're able to get five times
more out of an employee than you used
to. a person that you paid $100,000 a
year and made $300,000 a year on, you
now make like $1.5 to $2 million a year
on. It's crazy. It's making company
valuations go nuts with the rates going
down, the super low and free money
coming back with the biggest manipulated
dump ever. And in the same exact market
sentiment, the same, you can take a a
screenshot of paste Twitter back then
and compare it to now. It's the same
exact thing we saw back then. In case of
all that, that is why I'm just bullish
as [ __ ] The last few months have been
hard because you've had to be patient
and everybody's been boiling over
because everyone in crypto cannot think
more than two months ahead. Same exact
thing that was going on right before the
COVID dip and they took advantage of
this and they wiped everybody out. I've
been posting that on X. Now, I realize I
call alt season every single day on X
and I do it cuz it's funny. If you've
been on this channel, you know what my
real thesis is? I don't give a [ __ ] what
the price on anything is until ETH is at
$6,000, $8,000 or it's cleanly busted
its all-time high. I don't care. I will
just buy fear and I will hold blindly.
I'm not trading here. I suggest
everybody should be doing that as well.
And so I realize a lot of people that
have been holding alts and take me when
I say these things I say I'm going to
hold through all volatility. I don't
care what the price is. We could get a
few shakeouts. I don't care until ETH
gets all high. A lot of people take that
as me saying alts are going to go up
forever and never go down and you're
just going to hold them and make tons of
money next week. Those people are really
[ __ ] mad right now. But that's not
what I've been saying. And I tell people
that they're going to lose all their
money every video and to stick to the
top alts because if you go look at the
top alts right now, they're down 50%,
but they're going to be back at alltime
highs in like two months. Even if we're
not at a back at all time high in two
months, these things are going to be
coming back. And that's why I tell
people in these videos, hey, all the
midcaps and low caps went into, they're
going to be very difficult and we're
going to see [ __ ] like this and you're
probably going to lose tons of money. So
don't go in this stuff because I'm
gambling like a degenerate and don't go
in this unless you're willing to gamble
like me and lose all your money
potentially or go through very hard
times. These are the hard times. This is
why I tell you stick to these top coins
up here because hype, Cardano, Salana,
AAX, sub, they're coming back. They're
coming back. You're fine if you've been
sticking to those. Like I told you, if
you're not good at this or you can't
hold through this [ __ ] That being said,
people are extra super duper duper extra
soggy right now. And I realize they're
probably soggy at me because they're
like, "He says alt season every day on
Twitter." Yes, I do. I also just
emphasize my actual thesis to you. Have
you been listening to my actual thesis
that I've been repeating for two years?
I've been very, very, very clear about
it. Is the ETH all-time high here? Have
we cleanly busted the ETH all-time high?
No, we haven't. So, the thesis isn't
complete. You're going to have to wait
for that. If you want to participate in
the trade I'm doing, that's what we're
looking for. Okay? I'm not saying alts
are going up next week and they're going
to print forever. Actually, I do say
that in some videos because I get very
excited, but that's the hyperbole side.
And I realize some people are going to
be like, "Oh, you're making excuses and
you're doing the cope and stuff." My
videos are [ __ ] ridiculous. My actual
thesis I just repeat to you right there.
That's the thesis and that's why I'm
like really calm right now because I
think we're just going to go right back
at the ETH alltime high and then we're
finally going to bust it with this full
reset right here. Again, I realize now
people are going to be rolling their
eyes and extra soggy after this happened
because they were pissed a month ago.
They were pissed a week ago when alts
weren't doing anything and Bitcoin was
still going up. Now they're extra
[ __ ] duper super soggy. But in my
opinion right here, this is probably
going to be one of the three COVID
crash, FTX crash, now this crash. the
best time in the last decade to buy in
crypto. That's what I'm taking from it
right now cuz everything just looks like
that. If you believe in TA and all that
kind of stuff and really no one's TA
really works. The other only person that
really do good TA that I actually listen
to is Ben from Into the Cryptoverse. If
you want good common sense, responsible
conservative actual TA in crypto
investing, go follow Ben. Like you're
not going to end up in situations like
this where we gamble in alts. This is
not that type of channel. This is not an
into the cryptoverse channel. This is
where we're degenerate gamblers. That
said, if we go back and look back in
time, the best possible time to buy alts
and chalk up is one, I think the prices
we saw last week on alts, I think those
are still great prices. I think the
prices we saw a month ago in alts are
still great prices. I think the prices
that we saw going all the way back from
2023. So, we bought most of our alts
right here in 2023. So, we we bought
tons right here. We bought tons right
here. We bought tons right here. We
bought a ton right here. This is when I
was very loud and mocked about. So,
we're still sitting okay. And I think
all the prices from here to here,
regardless of where you bought, like
some people bought right here and
they're down. I think these prices are
still going to be fine because I think
we're going to see what we saw with the
B&B chart where the prices, especially
in altcoins, if we go back, here's where
the COVID dip was around here. You can't
even find it. I think that's where we're
going to see. People don't want to
listen to me that people want to be
super angry and think, "Oh, we're down
the prices." Then the prices don't
matter. Did these prices did a 50% dip
here matter? Did a 70% dip here matter?
Did a did a 2 3x here matter? Good or
bad? The prices don't [ __ ] matter
right here. The prices matter right
here. And we're not going to see these
type of prices until ETH goes and bust
6,000 8,000 bucks. Cleanly breaks its
all-time high. That's when things are
going to get wild. And I think this
right here, the reason I'm excited, the
reason I'm bullish is because the COVID
dip indicated things are about to get
wild. The FTX crash indicated things are
about to get wild. And if we look at
every form oft everything, every [ __ ]
one of them is indicating that we didn't
top. If you look at how people are
behaving, every single indicator
indicates we didn't top. And so, in my
opinion right now, I'm really, really
bullish. And I know people are going to
roll their eyes because they want to be
soggy and upset right now. And that's
the complete wrong action right now. I
think selling right now would be as dumb
as selling in the FTX crash. It' be as
dumb as selling in the COVID crash. You
The best thing you could possibly do is
buy. The worst thing you could possibly
do is sell. Now, could we go 90% [ __ ]
lower? I don't know who's left to do
that. I don't know who's I I think the
people that are locked in and holding
right now, they're locked in holding.
Sure, we [ __ ] could. If you want some
certainty that the market's going to
just go up and you're safe and you're
gambling, [ __ ] we're in a
casino. We're not down at JP Morgan.
We're not down at the Birkshshire Hatway
money market fund. We are gambling. All
right? So, yes, if we spend the table
right now, if we put money on the table,
we play some roulette, there's a chance
we lose. That's why I suggest if you're
going to take anything from this video
and you're not 3, five years into
crypto, you don't know what you're
doing, stick to these top 10 alts. I do
not see Cardono going down to 20 cents.
I do not. If it does, fine. I will eat
my [ __ ] hat. Great. I don't see that
happening. I don't see Salana going down
to $50. I don't. So, if you think that's
going to happen, I just disagree with
you at this point. I don't know what to
tell you. I don't know where they're
going to find the sellers to get to 50
bucks. I do know where they're going to
find the buyers to get to a,000 bucks,
though. And so, what I think is going to
happen is we're going to get this reset
right now. Bitcoin could potentially
double. Ethereum is going to run to
$6,000, $8,000, something like that. And
we're going to see alts go wild. We're
going to see Salana go to a,000. We're
going to see Cardano go to three, four
bucks. We're going to see Hyperliquid go
to 5x whatever the price is right now.
Avac will bust a 100 bucks. We're going
to see all of that now because
everything's reset and the only thing we
have left is holders at this point. And
all the frustrated angry people checked
out yesterday. Now, where are the
hottest where are the hottest pumps
going to be in the market? I have not
been shy about this. It's going to be in
AI. We're going to see the biggest pumps
in the stock market and companies going
public in AI. We're going to see in
robotics. We're going to see it in
energy and decentralization of energy.
We're going to see it in privacy as
governments start doing all sorts of
weird stuff and we have to decentralize
AI. We have to decentralize energy and I
think gaming is still going to move on
to blockchain and we're going to see all
this boom happening now just like we saw
after the COVID dip. That's what I think
is going on guys. And like I said, I
haven't been releasing videos lately
because what what what has there been
the [ __ ] say? The market's flat. It's
frustrating. It's annoying. And trust
me, like when I see dips and stuff like
this, I'm like a [ __ ] Actually, I feel
nothing these days. But the the lizard
brain in me is like
And every time that little [ __ ] is
activated, it's it's time to be buying.
It's time to be buying. At the top of
last market, my lizard brain wasn't like
it was like, oh, just another dip. Haha.
And that's what all CT that's all crypto
is saying. At the FTX crash, my lizard
brain was screaming. It was saying [ __ ]
on your hand and throw it at your
neighbor. The world's over kind of
reaction. And that little [ __ ] was
wrong like it always is. And what you're
seeing right now on X and everything is
pure lizard brain. It's pure lizard
brain. There's nothing that indicates,
hey, we're going 80% lower. It all
indicates Trump manipulated the [ __ ] out
of the market. The exchanges manipulated
all the [ __ ] out of the market. And
there's more money about to hit the
market ever than before and rates are
going down and free money's back in the
market and we're about to see the
biggest AI and productivity boom in the
history of humankind. I'm bullish as
[ __ ] And so, the reason I'm happy to
finally make this video is we can
finally get past this big frustration
part. We just saw everybody getting
frustrated, [ __ ] annoying, the market
being flat. We can finally clear out all
the puss and the nonsense. we can
finally just push people off the [ __ ]
ledge and say like if you don't want to
be here [ __ ] leave, scare everybody
out of crypto and now we can go and
continue up. I don't see the prices
going much lower than this. Again, the
way I'm describing that is I'm not doing
a bend into the cryptoverse where I'm
mapping out the future of crypto. I'm
just saying my gut instinct tells me
that and I'm willing to gamble on it.
Keyword gamble. If you join me in this,
you're gambling as well. I'd say the
odds from my point of view are 7030.
There's a 30% chance we go 50 60% lower.
There's a 70% chance I think it's the
COVID dip. I'm betting on that 70%
chance. If you want to join me in the
bet, that's it.