When you block humanitarian the Gaza
Strip for three months straight, it not
only impacts the Palestinians, which I
know you couldn't care less about, but
it also obviously is going to impact the
hostages. They're going to starve to
death as well.
You're saying Israel is starving the
hostages.
I'm saying yes. Yeah. When you block
humanitarian aid for 3 months, where do
you think they're going to get the food
from?
Max, Israel,
what a joke.
Well, it turns out that um Israel
blocking humanitarian aid into the Gaza
Strip negatively impacted the Israeli
hostages. How do I know that? Well,
we're now hearing from the father of one
of the hostages who was released earlier
this week. And guess what he had to say?
Blocking humanitarian aid to the Gaza
Strip made it real difficult for my son
to survive. Turns out it was difficult
to feed him when food wasn't entering
the enclave for nearly three months
straight.
Let's go to those statements. So, uh,
Yehuda Cohen is the father of the
Israeli hostage Nimrod Cohen who was
released this week on Monday to be
exact. Now, he was captured while
serving in the IDF's armored cops um and
was released from Hamas captivity
captivity on Monday of this week. His
father Yehjuda spoke to Harets and said
the following.
His son told him that after humanitarian
aid was blocked from the Gaza Strip in
March, there was less food.
Scott Jennings finds that outrageous.
Are you arguing that the Israelis
starved the Israeli hostages?
Yeah, I am saying that. And apparently
so is the father of one of the hostages
who was released earlier this week.
That's not outrageous. That's just
common sense. It's literally common
sense. So beginning in March of this
year, for nearly 3 months straight,
Israel blocked all humanitarian aid from
entering the Gaza Strip. That's why you
have a famine. That's why you see those
images of the children literally
starving to death.
you know, the children that the free
press wants you to pretend don't exist
or the children who, according to the
free press, died for other
comorbidities, not because of the fact
that they were skin and bones moments
before they passed away.
I know, like random jab at at free
press, but honestly, that reporting was
so unbelievably disgusting.
I mean, the most hideous piece of
propaganda I've seen in a while. But
nonetheless, that's what the father says
here. Nimrod's father, his son told him
that after humanitarian aid was blocked
from the Gaza Strip in March, there was
less food. Now, last February, this is a
really interesting wrinkle in the story.
So last February, a month before Israel
had imposed that block of humanitarian
aid into the Gaza Strip, Nimrod's family
actually did receive some communication
from him as he was held captive in Gaza.
Now, the way that this all worked was
this was in the middle of a different uh
ceasefire and hostage exchange. And so
one of the other hostages had been
released. But before that individual was
released, Nimrod spoke to him and told
him to give his family a message.
And the message was, remember this is
February, one month before the March
blockade of humanitarian aid. He tells
his family, "I'm okay. Don't worry. Love
you."
Now look, was he actually okay? Was he
really okay? I mean, he was being held
captive by Hamas in an enclave in a
territory that was being brutally
bombed. Aerial bombardments the likes of
which we haven't seen on our television
sc Well, we haven't really been seeing
it on our television screens. We saw it
on our computer screens, that's for
sure. And so, do I think Nimrod Cohen
was doing well? No, I don't think he was
doing well. But remember that blockade
of humanitarian aid hadn't been
implemented yet. So, Israel took a
terrible situation for the Israeli
hostages and compounded it by blocking
humanitarian aid from entering the Gaza
Strip
after October 7th happened and after
Hamas
did what they did in rounding up all
sorts of people, but mostly Israelis and
held them captive as hostages in the
Gaza Strip.
I don't want you to forget about the
statements that came from high-ranking
government officials, including Yoav
Galant, who at the time was the head of
Israel's military because he said out
loud
that we shouldn't be negotiating with
Hamas to get the hostages back. We
should annihilate. We should go in the
number one goal, the number one thing we
should be pursuing is the complete
annihilation of Hamas in the Gaza Strip.
So from the beginning there was an
understanding
among highranking government officials
within the Israeli government that the
hostages were not the priority. That's
why you had the Hannibal directive. The
Hannibal directive which also Yoav
Galant confessed was a reality a real
policy implemented by the Israeli
government. And what was that?
Basically,
if you see Hamas trying to take a
hostage,
it would be better to kill the Israeli
than to allow Hamas to have that
leverage over Israel.
So, the IDF literally killed their own
people on October 7th as Hamas was
attempting to take hostages. Now, I want
to be clear. I am in no way providing
cover for the disgusting atrocities that
Hamas carried out on October 7th,
especially as it pertains to innocent
civilians.
And that's one of the areas in which I
get a lot of criticism and a lot of heat
from, you know, people who defend the
Palestinians. And that's fine. They can
be mad at me. But what Hamas did was
wrong. And I have no problem saying
that.
But how about a little bit of heat for
the Hannibal directive that was
implemented by the Israelis?
You're not going to protect your own
people. You're not going to do anything
and everything necessary to save your
people.
And once they are taken captive, you're
not going to want to negotiate because
the top priority is to
annihilate in the Gaza Strip.
Fascinating stuff. It's really, really
gross.
Now, getting back to Nimrod Cohen and
his father Yehuda, Yehuda also focused
his eyeire on Benjamin Netanyahu, which
I think is definitely justified. He told
her that the war has not ended on the
national level. We have to make sure
that those responsible for the incident,
primarily the prime minister, step
aside.
It took hours for the IDF to respond to
the attacks on October 7th. And because
of the fact that immediately Benjamin
Netanyahu went into Gaza and has been at
war ever since, there hasn't really been
a moment for the country of Israel to
deal with the fact that their government
failed them and allowed for this brutal
attack to happen given the endless
military funding and support they get
from the United States, despite all of
the sophisticated intel they get from
Assad despite the various pieces of
intelligence that the Israeli government
received a year before October 7th
happened and then 3 weeks before October
7th happened. Why did they choose to
ignore that intelligence?
And I think it's time for the Israeli
government to be confronted about that
by the Israeli people because you can
hate Hamas all you want and I don't
begrudge anyone for feeling that way.
But why is it that your government
failed to keep you safe? Focus on that.
And if they failed to keep you safe, why
is the United States taxpayer going into
debt in order to hand over their
resources to your country?
Just want to know.
Every time you ring the bell below, an
angel gets his wings. Totally not true.
But it does keep you updated on our live
shows.