This is a $1,300 Samsung S25 Ultra. This
is a $300 fake. They look almost
identical. So, I have decided to buy 10
of the most recognizable tech products.
And for everyone, we have found the best
fake version on the internet to find
out, are the fakes actually sometimes
better value. So, let's start with
speakers. So, this is the real $300
Harman Carden Aura Studio 4.
And then this is the $80 2025 LP90
Crystal Pro Bluetooth speaker, Harmon
like bass, fourth gen with TF card slot
and FM radio.
Catchy.
So the fake one is like 15% smaller.
It's got slightly more obvious buttons
and the glass
the plastic has a bit more of a tint to
it. I wouldn't say anything about it
looks or feels worse. Yeah, it's a tiny
bit heavier, but not more than you'd
expect given it's a little bit bigger.
Plus, the real one's plastic, too. So,
really, this just comes down to sound.
The real one describes itself as having
superior sound performance. And then the
fake has shocking overweight bass. Not
going to lie, I love it when my bass
weighs too much.
Woah, that's sick. Okay, so this is the
real one. It's It sounds very punchy.
It's got plenty of bass. Not the
clearest speaker I've ever heard. I give
it like a 7 out of 10. And then there's
a whole load of lighting effects that
you can cycle through like this. It's
sophisticated. So now the fake, which I
just found out 2 minutes ago, has a
battery inside. So it doesn't need to be
plugged in like the real one does. So is
it better?
What? It sounds just as clear. It's just
as bassy and it's like louder. The
lighting is brighter. How does this
happen? Wait, does it still have the
lighting moods? Yes. Oh my god, they're
like way braver with the colors it uses,
but it's just more fun. And these are
actually syncing to the music that's
playing. So given that this was
literally a quarter of the price of this
speaker, that is an easy point to the
fakes.
What about the smartphone? So this is
what the real Samsung flagship phone
unboxing experience is like.
And the first thing to note about this
fake is how it's kind of better. how
even though the Samsung style box
doesn't have space for accessories,
they've actually gone as far as to send
them separately. A very official looking
fast charger and then a standard squishy
clear case. And then the box itself,
it's got some outer plastic that the
wheel doesn't, but the rest of it is so
faithfully recreated that I can't see
how the vast majority of people would
ever know any different. So, externally,
I actually think I prefer the fake. It's
properly black as opposed to this weird
black silver hybrid that makes it look
like this back plate is a spare part.
I'm really curious about this fake super
fast charger. So, if we plug the real
charger into a fast charging phone, it's
hovering around 20 W of power.
Fine. So, if we plug in the fake charger
and that is giving us also 20 W on the
dot. Oh, starts with the official
Samsung wallpaper which is also
animated. I've never seen that before on
a fake. The user interface as well is
like shockingly spot-on. It genuinely
feels like it's using screenshots of
official Samsung icons. And obviously
this is not a Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra
screen, but it's not bad at all. So
they've kind of recreated Samsung's
camera user interface, too. They're call
photo. And that's that's all you need to
know.
[Music]
That sound effect kills me. You know
what? The detail is actually not a
million miles away. It's just everything
else. It's making me realize how much
difference it makes just having good
skin tones. Oh, wait. The website for
this fake actually says show 64 megap
really 8 megap. How incredibly
self-aware are them? Is actually
curious. Does the S Pen work? Oh, no
way. It's actually got S Note. It even
tells me my pen is on 100% battery. It's
not as bad as you'd expect it to be.
There's a tiny bit of lag, but actually
still very usable as a drawing pad. I
was not expecting that. They've actually
semi-recreated like every single one of
Samsung's features. Even things like
smart select so you can take customized
screenshots. What if you're a power
user? Let's play a game. Let's try some
Angry Birds. The storage speed here is
like appallingly slow. I actually can't
believe how slow this is loading. It's
incredible how the phone seems so okay
when you're on the home screen and then
just how quickly it falls apart when you
try and do something. They've clearly
put $300 worth of effort into this
phone, but they've put it all into just
trying to recreate something that's
better without actually making it
better. Oh yeah, they did also say on
the website that this fake has a 6,800
mAh battery. The real's only 5,000. So,
just because of how insane that sounds,
let's leave these both running the game
and come back later to check on battery
life. Now, we've seen tons of fake
speakers and fake phones in our time,
but while researching for this video,
I've also found a few surprises. So,
this is the $350 real Dyson V8 Absolute
vacuum cleaner. And this is the very
clearly um inspired by it $120 Vacc Pro.
I mean, it's not like the Dyson was a
particularly fancy unboxing, but this is
still lower tier for sure. Oh, no. No. A
knife, which was not a knockoff.
A few moments later. Anyways, still got
tons of pieces and attachments in here,
which is very much a Dyson thing to do.
And then this is the main body of the
vacuum. This is a little bit crazy.
They've copied everything down to like
even the position of all the buttons and
the catches. Even the color of the
orange tube here feels like it has been
specifically color matched to Dyson's.
And I'm not actually sure that's a
complaint cuz it feels exactly the same
quality. Everything that's plastic here
is also plastic here. This really is
like the most egregious example of not
claiming to be the brand, but absolutely
trying to be mistaken for them. Even the
way they've made the thing lean in the
same direction as Dyson on their product
page, then surrounding it with even more
images of accessories to make it look
even better. Hey, if it sucks just as
well, then I'm not complaining for
spending a third of the money. So,
black rice, got crumbs, and then hair.
Don't ask.
3 2 1 go.
Oh yeah. Ooh.
No way.
Well, that is every bit as easy as I
expected.
[Music]
Okay.
Um, I would actually say there's a
pretty clear winner here. And it's not
the Dyson. It just glided so smooth. and
one stroke was picking up every single
layer of dirt. Whereas in some cases,
like with the hair, the Dyson was
actually rubbing it further in. So, I
guess
that's a clean sweep. Two on to the
fakes. Now, just like the Dyson, the
$100 Amazon Ring doorbell is another
absolute staple that you would expect to
see in a high-end smart home.
[Music]
But what if you just wanted to be
frugal? Or what if your grandma got
confused and accidentally bought the $30
video doorbell wireless doorbell smart
Wi-Fi camera door phone intercom with
motion detection waterproof for home
security?
Well, both of them are fully set up here
and brownie points already for the fake
for actually including the little
speaker that will go off when the bell
is rung or dingdong as they've called it
which you have to buy separately for the
ring. So, let's go up one floor. Okay,
so we've got both live feeds loaded up.
Now, the fake did say that it had a
wider field of view than the original.
That's just a lie. The Amazon Ring can
see about two times what the fake can,
which means, let's say you have a
burglar approaching. It's so much easier
to see them on the Amazon Ring. And the
frame rate of this fake doorbell's
recording is absolutely atrocious. I can
see like one frame of him creeping
across. So, I mean, if you could only
pick one of these as your main tool for
surveillance. You don't want it to be
this one. That's a real shame for the
fake cuz the website did say that you
can have a long and barrierfree distance
with super penetration. That is a
disaster of a web page and a product.
Tut two. Okay, so phones have been on
for an hour. So the real Galaxy S25
Ultra is on 86%. The fake is on
what? 32. That's worse than my like
lowest possible expectations. Okay,
there's one final thing I think we
should test with these phones and we can
do it with our next product. So, this is
a fake mini wearable camera. It's $50
and very clearly copied off of the Go
cameras from Insta 360. And then this is
the real Insta 360 and actually the next
generation of it, the Go Ultra, our
sponsor,
which is now a square instead of
pillshaped.
So, here's what I want to do. I want to
drop test both of these phones to find
out if all that investment into
materials that we see phone companies
talking about every single year actually
makes any difference at all when it
comes to it. But then the fake phone
drop is going to be recorded on the fake
Insta 360 camera which is completely
hands-free cuz just like Insta 360 you
also get this magnetic necklace here. 3
2 1
Ah, there's a very bad sound. The phone
is actually functioning completely fine.
Screen is 100% intact. It's just one
corner has been completely pulverized.
That is not a bad showing from the fake
department. And the footage is
absolutely terrible. It's so grainy and
needs like 100 times more stabilization.
I guess this is kind of the level of
engineering you expect for $50. So, what
about the real phone which we're going
to record with the real camera? Oh, this
is cool. So, the magnetic pendant is now
adjustable so that you can pick the
angle that you want the camera to shoot
at, but also you can just mount this
camera anywhere you can think of. I
could clip it to a railing. I could
dangle it from a net. I can hold it
using the action pod that comes with it
to turn it into a fullsize action
camera. And it's also got a magnet
inside. So, could also just do that. So,
let's record this phone drop using it.
And we can do this in 4K 60 frames per
second with now a 221% larger sensor
than last gen. So, almost definitely a
bigger sensor than the one in your
phone, which is kind of insane
considering the thing is like 53 g.
Okay. 3 2 1
Okay, you know what? Fair play, Samsung.
Significantly less damage to the
exterior and absolutely zero damage to
the usability of the phone. And link
below to get one of these Go Ultras. It
has suddenly turned horrible and dark,
but it's doing surprisingly well
considering. And first 30 purchasers
also get a free extra 256 gig SD card.
Now, this is one that I'm interested in
on a very personal level.
So, Dyson, as well as vacuum cleaners,
is also pretty well known for their
high-end bladeless fan and air purifiers
[Music]
like this one for $750.
We use a Dyson in our bedroom every day.
So, I'm just super curious. What if you
spent just $174 on a bladeless fan from
AliExpress?
So, the packaging is very functional.
Nothing more than it needs to be. Just a
bunch of foam and the product. Oh wow.
This really, really looked like a Dyson.
They've even got the signature Dyson
colors, too.
Right. So, just like the speaker
situation, the real is about 15% bigger
again than the fake. There doesn't feel
like any significant quality differences
between the two. Pretty much
everything's plastic here, but then
pretty much everything's plastic here,
too. The only thing is really the
remote. Like the real Dyson is much
swankier and magnetically snaps to the
top compared to Oh, whatever this is. We
need to see how well each one blows.
Boy,
mildly refreshing. 6 out of 10. Okay,
the fake.
Uh,
it's louder, but there's more air and
the air is colder. 8 out of 10. But the
real test is going to be purification.
So, let's start with the real one, which
is on max suction power right now. So,
let's see how it handles this. It's
getting kind of overwhelmed in there.
Can still see the thing, though, which
implies it is sucking. It's actually
gone and done it. I would actually say
that is 100% clean. A little bit of
staining down here, but that's just cuz
that was where the smoke bomb was
shooting. The actual air inside of there
is pristine. Right. Same test with the
fake bomb me.
This one's also on maximum suction right
now. It feels like it's uh drowning in
it a little bit more than the real Dyson
was.
I'm under the water.
I just hope it's okay. I can see the
balloon starting to fin a little bit.
Even if this takes a tiny bit longer
than the Dyson, if it still manages to
completely clear all that pollution,
then paying like four times the money
doesn't feel like it makes a lot of
sense at all. That is actually pretty
shocking to be honest. It's like both
surprising because of how much more
affordable it is and also not surprising
cuz if it has good air intake and it has
a fulls size heper filter then of course
it's going to be able to clear it. Feels
like the moral of the story is starting
to become if the product's functionality
is simple then it's much more
replicatable by a much more affordable
fake alternative. Now Philips Huegh feel
like they have a bit of a monopoly when
it comes to RGB lighting in the smart
home and they deserve it. They were the
first company to actually popularize the
idea of controlling your smart bulbs
with your phone. So this is their Signi
floor lamp. And then this is the floor
lamp 2 from Goi, which I wouldn't
exactly call it fake, but there is no
doubt in my mind that Goi is at least
somewhat inspired by Philips. They
pretty much have a 1:1 equivalent
offering for every Philips product.
Interestingly, while the Philips comes
fully assembled, this is a bit more of a
DIY project. I guess that is one way to
save. Cut the shipping cost in half. So,
this is Phillips. This is GOI. Let's
start with a brightness test. Make the
lights bright white.
Okay, Philips responded a little faster,
but that looks brighter to me. The GOI,
both lights are completely smart home
compatible. So, I can also say make the
lights green.
[Music]
And actually, in that instance, the GOI
responded faster. So, doesn't feel like
there's anything in it. This actually
feels like a little bit of a no-brainer
here cuz this thing is a third of the
price. The base lights up, which I just
think is such a cool extra. Then there's
also a remote that magnetically attaches
onto it in case you don't want to fiddle
around with the app or you don't have it
installed on your phone. But that's a
good point actually. What are the apps
like? So the Philips app is, I would
say, very premium and to be fair also
quite flexible. Like I can pick any
color I want to on here and it responds
almost immediately. You've got every
different temperature of white on here.
Tons of different effects and they're
not all static. Some of them have
animations tied to them too that look
like they're specifically designed for
this floor lamp. So, what about the GOI
app? So, we go into floor lamp. Oh my
god, it's a slight sensory overload.
Okay, so you have the same kinds of
options in terms of selecting specific
colors. Then you've got scenes like
sunset. Oh wow, that's really nice. And
then rainbow. Look at that. Do you see
how it animates from the bottom up?
Music. Oh wow. Wait, so this is using
presumably the microphone in the phone
to pick up my voice and is syncing to
that quite responsively. That would
actually be such a cool way to like add
ambience to a party. Just have a couple
of these in the corner. They've even got
an option here called finger sketch,
which if that is what I think it is,
means you can effectively draw on
exactly the LEDs that you want to be lit
and in exactly what color you want those
LEDs to be lit in. And then even the
base down here I can tweak from my phone
one LED at a time. So if I wanted to do
blue mixed in with white and it's
animating. Oh my god, I'm having a nerd
casm. Bear with me. Okay, that's just
like no competition at all. Point to the
fakes. The cost of buying official
gaming controllers can really rack up.
Like a basic Xbox controller, $65. You
want four of them? That's $260. You can
nearly buy a console for that much
money. So, what if you spent just $25?
Well, this actually looks like the exact
same box if you just made it slightly
worse from every single angle. How do
all of these products look like there's
some sort of internal requirement to sit
on them before shipping them out?
[Music]
So, when you look at both of these
controllers, it's very obvious which
one's which because the fake one has a
home button instead of the Xbox button
on the real one. But apart from that one
detail, they look absolutely identical.
Right. So, it's got the grips on the
back. It's got a nice weight to it.
Really soft triggers.
Nice joysticks. Let's try the other one.
Oh my god. It feels the exact same. What
the hell? Also really nice joysticks.
No. Come on.
What the hell? Whichever one of these is
the fake, they have done a masterful job
at not making it feel like one. The
D-pad also feels very responsive.
This one feels a little bit more like
it's just got four buttons, one in each
direction. So, this one's got to be the
fake.
Goodness sake. This is such a clear win
for the fake. And it's just as
responsive. It has USBC charging. It's
got replaceable batteries. They even
both have rumble. And it feels the same.
You're not missing anything. Tell you
what, though. I have absolutely no idea
what to expect for this. So, this is
Apple's official 11in iPad Pro,
and this is a $160 fake. Wow, this is
very interesting cuz, well, first of
all, it's easily one of the most
convincing fake boxes we've seen. But
also, while they still have the new iPad
imagery and packaging style, they've
actually gone as far as to specifically
make the box thicker than Apple's, I
assume, to fit more inside. Apparently,
we have 1 terabte of storage here. If
that's true, this thing can instantly
win Hall of Fame status, no questions
asked. And even the Apple style peels.
Not quite there, but they tried.
And then iPad on top. There's a cable
here. And then I feel like I'm on one of
those Tik Toks where someone's telling
me that Apple's been secretly hiding
accessories in a separate compartment in
the box. Oh, it's not a charger. This is
a case. A proper Folio case.
Now, moment of truth.
[Music]
They've done a very good job at making
sure it looks like the iPad. What they
haven't quite kept up with is how thin
the iPad is and how light it is. I would
say this is about 1.8 times chunkier.
The fake iPad actually has a slightly
different aspect ratio to the real iPad.
And I assume because this is a more
conventional aspect ratio, so they can
get this screen made cheaper. They've
even remade the entire add new wallpaper
page, but like you can't actually click
on anything. And then just like the
iPad, you can pull down from the top
right to get the control center, but
it's like every single animation has
been completely stripped. And half of
them don't even work. Like this is the
brightness slider going up and down,
which it's animating, but it's just not
doing. I guess the real question is,
does it still allow you to do what most
people would use their iPads for, to
watch videos? Not really. It's a 720p
resolution and not a great one. And I
guess while it is vastly cheaper than a
top- end iPad Pro, it's not actually
that much cheaper than just a basic
iPad. And that still has a far better
viewing experience than this. Oh, yeah.
We need to see how much storage we're
actually getting here. So, iPad storage.
No, it says 161 GB of 1 TB used. I can't
have used 161 GB. I haven't installed
anything. I've installed one app and
it's YouTube. Okay, so I've run an
actual storage analyzer app and sure
enough, 32 GB of which 9 GB is used. The
layers of deception here are insane. So
yeah, just like the
I thought I full send it there. Just
like the phones, don't buy fake tablets.
Bit of a waste of money. And now we're
on the subject of Apple products.
AirPods Max, which are a very nice
looking pair of headphones for sure, but
I still haven't managed to get over
their $549 price or the fact that they
haven't actually upgraded the product
since 2020. H also one of the few times
where it doesn't feel like Apple has
nailed down the slickest unboxing and
first impressions experience.
[Music]
Then these are the $60 Air Watch
headphones, which feel like they're
shooting for the worst first impressions
experience.
Genuinely looks like someone did the sit
test about 50 times on this one. Oh no,
that wasn't good. Well, I guess that
kind of does our unboxing for us.
The AirWatch website is very intriguing.
Experience music like never before.
Superior noise cancellation. They are
just the best headphones I've ever
owned. He's got to be talking about the
real AirPods, right? And is his name
even Jacob? Oh, it's just so
unbelievably sus. Well, let's see what
the fuss is about then. So, these are
the fakes. They come in a Yeah,
definitely not leather case. Very
interesting. And then these are the
reals, which come in a slightly nicer,
but still very strange case for an Apple
product. Honestly, the interesting thing
about this is never have I seen a fake
that looks so similar to the real but
feels so different at the same time.
Like these cushions feel absolutely
terrible. The material looks metallic,
but I assure you it is not. This is like
as cheap as plastic gets. It's like
creaking as I put it over my head.
Are you freaking kidding me? The cups
don't go around my ears because they are
pointing diagonally outwards. I've never
had a pair of headphones do that and it
just completely ruins the seal that you
would normally get. So this is what the
real sounds like and it's like very good
but nothing special. Then the fakes.
Oh man, it's actually such a shame
because sound quality wise, no
complaints at all. I just can't with
these elephant ears. So, this one is a
win to AirPods Max. That's five points
each. It's a draw between real and fake.
What's not a draw though is the best
fake product of the video. It's got to
be the GOI floor lamp. The lamp itself
ain't going to fit. So, this is how we
commemorate. Congratulations, Goi.