The takeover. The takeover. I don't know
how many other ways we're going to be
able to like break this down and explain
this. The Caitlyn Clark takeover is in
full effect across all sports. All
sports, men, women. We saw the NBA.
We saw the NBA. They can't stop rocking
the sneakers. We see the NFL getting the
custom cleats. We see her shutting down
the Major League Baseball stadiums.
all over. Now we have the future number
one pick of the 2026 NBA draft. AJ Dan
rocking the Caitlyn Clarks. The
takeover. The takeover. Welcome to Keep
the Vision. Make sure you like, comment,
subscribe, share the channel, hit that
bell notification. Let's go. We got AJ
Dybansa
understanding what time it is. You
understood the assignment, my man. You
understood the assignment. I'm going to
be watching a lot of BYU men's college
basketball this season. You look like a
problem. You look like a problem out
there. You look like you might be as
good as Cooper Flag, bro. The AJ Dea
might be better than Cooper Flag was at
Duke, y'all. And he rocking the CC's.
So, you know, we got to we have to from
that. Look, anybody rocking the CC's, we
rooting for them. We watching all they
games. How about that? How about that?
AJ Dance the rocking the sneaks, man.
Come on, man.
>> You shooting like a number one pick.
Yeah.
>> Yeah. When you got those on, you going
You nice. You nice. I was watching the
game. There was no other player on the
court with those on but him. Yeah, it's
a reason. It's a reason. Everybody, make
no mistake about it. Everybody don't get
to wear these. Everybody don't get to
wear these, bro.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's
number one pick ready. He's number one
pick ready. He's number one pick ready.
I ain't going to lie to you. I ain't
going to lie. Then after seeing your
game. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You like
that, bro. You like that, bro. You
deserve to wear those se Oh my god. Oh
my god, he look like Kobe right there.
It What he say on like Mike? Make me
like Mike. Make me like CeCe. It got to
be the shoes. You like You got to
understand when you put on them CC's,
you don't have no choice but to go. Oh,
yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's number one
picked.
I knew. Look, I knew you was the number
one pick just from the sneakers. Just
from the sneakers. You made a statement
saying, "I'm him. I'm him. I'm the only
one in the CC's. I'm like that. I'm like
that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. That's number one pick.
Yeah. He's number one pick, bro.
Yeah, he's number one pick
in the Caitlyn Clarks, man. The Caitlyn
Clark takeover just continues, man. Now,
we have to get into this CBA. Um, it's
looking like there's no shot. It's
looking like there's no shot uh for a
deal to be done by the October deadline.
This is bad news. It's bad news, y'all.
Here it says, "The WNBA recently
proposed a $850,000
supermax contract and a $300 veteran
minimum in recent CBA negotiations. The
current max is 249,000 with a minimum of
78,000.
So,
uh, got to be honest with you guys, it's
not looking very good. I have an article
that we're going to, uh, kind of get
into. It's not looking good. It is
October 18th. The deadline is October
31st. I don't know. I It looks like
there is no shot to get a deal done in
the next two weeks. There's been no
progress made. We had Nisa Collier go
and blast Kathy Ingleberg and then
refuse to do any negotiations, saying
they don't want to talk. It seems as
though the players are refusing to
negotiate until Kathy Inglebert is out
of her seat as commissioner. So, and
Adam Silver does not want to let her go,
but I think he might have to. They're
kind of forcing his hand. And I mean,
this is just a nasty situation all
around, man. Um, and I don't see how it
progresses and gets better. Um, let's
take a look here at some of the things
that can happen if they do not meet the
October 31st deadline. Just because they
don't meet the October 31st deadline,
that does not mean there won't be a 2026
WNBA season. There are a bunch of
different variables and things that
could happen. So, let's take a look at
this. It says there are four likely
outcomes.
Hold on, let me let me adjust this.
All right. There are four likely
outcomes as the CBA deadline approaches.
A successful agreement before the
deadline is the best case scenario for
all involved.
If both sides reach a mutually
satisfactory agreement by October 31st,
the 2025 off season can proceed smoothly
and the league will enter its next era
with a sense of unity and direction. So
that's best case scenario is that by the
October 31st deadline, they come to an
agreement that everybody can kumbaya
over for the time being until the next
CBA. But it does not look like that is
going to happen. It doesn't even look
like that's a real possibility at this
point, you guys. I just want to be
completely transparent and clear,
okay? If talks are close but not
finalized, the league and union may
agree to extend the deadline. This would
avoid a lockout while allowing for
continue negotiation. But an extension
like this would likely require a status
quo agreement temporarily preserving
current terms.
Okay. So, if they decide to um do an
extension,
they're basically saying, "Hey, we're
going to move forward with the CBA the
way it is for now while we continue to
negotiate." But it says they have to be
close to an agreement on the new CBA. We
have heard Brianna Stewart come out and
say it's like they're ignoring us. We've
heard Nisa or Satu Sabi all these people
say uh they're not anywhere close. Uh
these offers aren't serious. So, it's
it's very clear when they're saying
they're not even listening to us. We're
nowhere near it. They they're like they
we're not getting anywhere. That's
telling you they are not close when it
comes to numbers on the agreement.
They're not even close. So, I don't even
see how they get an extension past that
October 31st deadline when it is very,
very apparent that they are not close to
anything. They're not close to agreeing
on anything. It's been made very clear
to us.
Let's proceed. If negotiations stall, a
brief lockout may go into effect.
Players will be barred from facilities
and league operations would pause.
However, the economic pressure on both
sides. A short-term lockout could
incentivize a faster resolution.
So, if they if they don't even come to
an agreement on an extension,
players can't work out at facilities,
uh, free agencies delayed, expand, no,
no, no free agency, no expansion draft,
no WNBA draft, none all of the offseason
minutia and things that has to happen
come to a crashing halt. Comes to a
crashing halt. And that is what we don't
want. If you are a fan of watching the
WNBA, I want to see a 2026 WNBA season.
I want to watch Caitlyn Clark get busy
and go to work. Here it says, in worst
case scenario, a deep stalemate could
delay or cancel the 2026 season. This
would damage the league's finances,
tarnish its reputation, and potentially
lead to further fallout between the W's
leadership and its players.
So, as of right now, you guys, it looks
like there will not be an agreement by
October 31st. And as of now, it looks
like there won't even be an extension
because they are not close to agreeing
on the terms. Get down in the comments,
let me know what you think about all
this. This is Keep the Vision. Make sure
you like, comment, subscribe, share the
channel.