You've been lied to not once, not twice,
but for decades by the food industry, by
public health officials, and yes, even
by your own doctor. Today, I'm exposing
the seven biggest health and nutrition
myths that are keeping you sick, and I'm
going to reveal what actually works to
help you burn fat, skyrocket energy, and
stay young. Let's start with the most
dangerous lie of them all. Myth number
one, the sun is dangerous and causes
cancer. We've been taught to fear the
sun. We lather on SPF 50. We avoid
direct sunlight because we've been
convinced that the sun equals skin
cancer. But here's the truth. Sunlight
in itself is one of the most healing
free medicines available to us. Sunlight
triggers vitamin D production, which is
a hormone, technically not even a
vitamin, that regulates, get this, over
3,000 genes related to immune function,
inflammation, and yes, fat metabolism.
Low vitamin D levels are now linked to
higher risk of cancer, obesity,
autoimmune disease, depression, and
metabolic dysfunction. And study after
study shows this. I mean, are you
testing your vitamin D levels? Because
if you are, the report that comes back
is between 30 and 90 typically. And if
it comes back as 33, 44, 38, it's not
being flagged by your doctor as having
being in a a vitamin D deficiency. But I
got to tell you, if your vitamin D
levels are below 60, you are vitamin D
deficient. And research has shown that
when you have low vitamin D, you will
increase the chances of the following
happening to you. Obesity and insulin
resistance, autoimmune diseases,
including MS and lupus, depression and
seasonal effective disorder, cognitive
decline and Alzheimer's, and several
types of cancer including colon, breast,
and prostate. And you might think, all
right, I could still I should still
avoid the sun, but I'll just take a
whole bunch of vitamin D
supplementation. But that is not as
effective as getting quality sunshine.
And what's super ironic is that vitamin
D deficiency is actually a stronger
predictor of cancer than moderate sun
exposure. Yet, you've been lied to by
dermatology groups who are funded by
sunscreen companies who push the avoid
the sun narrative, which is a whole
bunch of BS. The sunscreen industry is a
$10 billion per year industry which is
designed to make you afraid of the
sunlight. Meanwhile, vitamin D
deficiency has skyrocketed globally,
especially in countries that avoid the
sun. What does the science actually
show? Well, a 20-year Swedish study
found that women who avoided the sun had
a mortality rate twice as high as those
with regular sun exposure. Several
studies report that low vitamin D levels
because of lack of sunshine are linked
to more severe COVID 19 outcomes, higher
risk of metabolic syndrome, increased
systemic inflammation, and poor blood
sugar regulation. Sunlight does more
than just vitamin D. Morning sunlight,
especially without sunglasses, resets
your entire circadian rhythm. It boosts
melatonin production at night for better
sleep. And melatonin, by the way, is not
just for sleep. It's one of the most
important, probably the most powerful
antioxidant for your mitochondria. You
see, the near infrared rays you get from
the sunshine promote mitochondrial
health through a process called
photobiomodulation,
helping your cells produce more energy
via ATP. So, the goal is to get
sunshine, but don't get burned. I can
tell you this, if you eliminate seed
oils, eliminate fish oil
supplementation, and eat a clean diet
that's focused on meat, protein, whole
food, it's pretty difficult to get
burned from the sun. If you find that
you're getting burned from the sun very
easily, it's because number one, you
have to adapt to the sun and slowly
build up tolerance to it. And number
two, you're probably consuming seed oils
and fish oil. Once you remove that, it's
very difficult to burn. I could give you
an analogy. I used to burn so easily
from the sun when I was consuming seed
oils and taking highdose fish oil. Now I
could be in the sun for 3 4 hours. Heck
on Sunday I live in Miami and on Sundays
I play basketball with my my friends
outside in Miami Beach for 2 to three
hours and I do it during the summer. I
don't burn. And by the way, if you play
basketball and live in Miami, you want
to play with me, let me know in the
comment section of the YouTube video. So
get sun, just don't get burned. There's
something you can do that also is a
supplement that prevents you from
getting burned. So instead of taking
sunscreen, which I don't recommend, you
could take edible sunscreen. This is a
nutrient proven through research and
through anecdotal evidence of myself and
clients that when you take about 6 to 10
milligs of it in the form of a
supplement, it prevents you from getting
burned. It's called aazanthin. Aazanthin
is an antioxidant that's found in like
wild caught salmon. But if you just take
the supplement form of it with an olive
oil or coconut oil base, and I'll drop a
link for the one I use in the notes down
below. On the days right before you go
out into the sun, it will prevent you
from getting burned. So, I recommend
getting 30 to 60 minutes of sunshine
every day. Best time is in the morning.
Best time is right before the sunset.
And if you can get it during the day,
even on an overcast day, you're going to
benefit. And do not use sunscreen. If
you're going to use a sunscreen and want
a healthy option, use the one from One
Skin. They have the best sunscreen. It's
non-toxic. It has um actually minerals
in it and prevents you from getting
burned. And I'll drop a link for the One
Skin sunscreen with a 15% coupon code
which you can get over at
onkin.co/freedom.
And I'll drop that link down below.
That's one o nekin.co/freedom
which I'll drop down below. Bottom line
with the first thing here, don't fear
the sun. The sun is the source. The sun
is your friend. Get sun and raise your
vitamin D levels. Let's go to myth
number two. Red meat causes cancer. H
look, red meat has been demonized since
the 1980s, but the science doesn't
support the fear. The World Health
Organization's red meat causes cancer
claim was based on observational studies
filled with co-founding factors. Let me
ask you this. If someone eats a fast
food burger with a bun, fries, soda, no
exercise, poor sleep, and stress, is it
really the meat in that burger that was
the problem? Well, the answer is of
course not. That's that's silly. Well,
grass-fed meat in particular is lo it's
it's the most nutrientdense foods you
could ever eat. There's not one
vegetable, not kale, broccoli, Brussels
sprouts, spinach, not one vegetable on
this planet that compares to the amount
of nutrients you find in red meat,
especially grass-fed red meat. Here's
what you're going to find in red meat.
Hem iron, which is the bioavailable form
of iron versus the non-heem iron you
find in vegetables that are not
available. Zinc, vitamin B12, carnosine,
creatine, and conjugated linoic acid,
which helps with fat loss. All of these
nutrients are critical for energy, fat
metabolism, and brain function. So, you
don't need to eat less meat, you need to
eat more red meat. I would say 80% of my
entire diet is red meat, and I'm just
thriving, and I share my blood work with
you all the time. And you can see my
blood work looks phenomenal. Yours will
too when you consume more red meat. Myth
number three, snacking and grazing
boosts your metabolism, helps you burn
fat. Look, this tip that you probably
got from a personal trainer, a
dietitian, or a fitness coach, or a Tik
Tok guru is one of the worst things you
can do for your health. Eating every 2
to three hours is the fastest way to age
yourself, create leaky gut, and weight
loss resistance. Every time you eat, you
raise glucose and insulin. When insulin
is spiked, you store fat. you don't burn
it. Even if it's the healthiest snack in
the world, you're going to store fat.
The truth is, having an eating window
and a fasting window is the best thing
you could do for fat loss. Have two to
three meals within an 8 hour window, and
then fast outside of that window. Or if
you don't want to fast, just have your
three meals a day, breakfast, lunch, and
dinner, let's say 8:00 a.m., noon, and
let's say 8:00 p.m. No snacking in
between. Every time you snack, you spike
glucose and insulin. you disrupt your
gut microbiome. It takes a lot of energy
to process that food and you signal to
your metabolism, store fat. So, this is
nonsense when we think about the advice
out there to snack and graze. There's
not any research out there that shows it
boosts your metabolism. And as a matter
of fact, as I make the point in
metabolic freedom, my latest book, you
don't even want to boost your
metabolism. The metabolism doesn't even
work in speed. It's either efficient or
inefficient. And when you're constantly
snacking and grazing, you have an
inefficient metabolism that is burning
sugar and it's aging you faster because
you're reaching something called the hay
flick limit much faster. Which means the
hay flick limit is the amount of times
your cells could duplicate until it can
no longer duplicate. At this time, you
damage your DNA and it creates a
scesscent zombie cell. And you reach
this limit every time you snack. It
duplicates cells. Not good for your
health, not good for longevity. And for
sure, it's not good for fat loss. Myth
number four, eat less, move more. It's
the best way to burn fat. The only way
to burn fat is to be in a calorie
deficit. This is some of the most
redundant, ridiculous, outdated advice
you could ever come across. Yeah,
calories matter, but they're not
important. Hormones, inflammation,
that's important, my friend. The eat
less, move more model ignores insulin.
It ignores hormones. It ignores
inflammation. You see, the human body,
the metabolism does not operate this
way. If you're overweight right now,
guess what? You don't have a weight
problem. I used to be obese, 80 lbs
overweight. I never had a weight
problem. Nobody in the history of
humankind has ever had a weight problem.
It is a weight symptom. When you focus
on just cutting calories, you're
treating the symptom. You don't lose
weight to get healthy. You get healthy,
you lose weight. That's why the premise
is flawed because they're teaching you
to lose weight to get healthy. That is
not how your metabolism works. And over
time, you destroy and wreck the
metabolism because you could only cut
your calories so much until your
metabolism adapts to the energy coming
in. And at this point, you've
dramatically destroyed and disrupted
your metabolism. There is a better way.
You could actually eat more calories and
actually burn more fat by focusing on
quality over quantity. getting high
quality protein, the red meat we spoke
about, stopping the snacking and the
grazing, practicing intermittent
fasting. Your body and metabolism is not
a math equation. It's not a calculator.
It is not a bank account. Your
metabolism is a very complex chemistry
lab. So, stop focusing on calories.
Start focusing on hormones. Myth number
five, carbohydrates are essential for
energy production. They're the number
one nutrient or the number one energy
source for your body, for your brain.
Carbohydrates are optional. Glucose is
essential. There's a big difference
here. When we look at all medical
textbooks, I don't know if you knew
this, but there's no such thing as
essential carbohydrates. Did you know
that? There are essential fats. They're
called essential fatty acids. There are
essential proteins called essential
amino acids. Meaning, your body cannot
make essential fats. Your body cannot
make essential proteins. you need to
consume that through diet or
supplementation. But with carbohydrates,
there's no such thing. Meaning, you
don't need carbohydrates to survive. You
need glucose, but you don't have to eat
the carbohydrates to get the glucose.
Your metabolism and human body is so
sophisticated and so smart. You could
take protein, you could take cortisol,
you could take fat and turn that into
glucose for the body. Your body's very
smart. When glucose is low, you start
producing ketones, which is
anti-inflammatory, fat burning,
anti-aging, great for brain fog, great
for the brain in general. We become carb
dependent zombies. We don't need the
carbohydrates. Now, does that mean we
should avoid carbs altogether and void
it forever? No, that's not what I'm
saying. But the personal trainer or
dietitian telling you that carbohydrates
are the number one source of energy for
your body, your metabolism, and your
brain. Ask them the question, hey, is
there anything in the literature or
anything in the medical textbooks that
show that carbohydrates are essential?
And they're going to look at you
dumbfounded because there's not one
thing that shows that your body needs
glucose, but you don't need carbs to
make the glucose. I hope that makes
sense. Myth number six, eating fat makes
you fat. You know, fat has a bad PR
person because we hear the word dietary
fat and it it kind of makes sense. When
we eat fat, it'll make us fat. But it's
not fat that makes us fat. It's insulin.
And when we just look at the three
macronutrients, carbohydrates, protein,
and fat. I'm going to show a chart here
for those watching on on YouTube, and I
put this chart in chapter 1 of metabolic
freedom. It is carbohydrates that will
spike your blood insulin levels way more
than protein. You can see protein is
moderate and fat barely even moves the
needle on insulin which means when you
actually eat fat, you burn fat because
there's not going to be an insulin
spike. It's when you introduce the
protein and especially the carbs that
you get the insulin spike. So eating
eggs with the yolk, avocados, butter,
ghee, olive oil, coconut oil, these all
lower inflammation, lower insulin, help
you burn fat. So if you want to burn
fat, eat more protein and fat, lower
your carbs. That is the fastest way to
tap into stored body fat, especially the
fat around your belly. This brings us to
myth number seven. Your genes determine
your health fate. Look, your genes are
not your destiny. You might have heard
this statement before. Genes load the
gun, but your lifestyle pulls the
trigger. This is one of the most
disempowering beliefs that we have in
our society. I I remember a couple years
ago there was a representative from the
United States government on the TV show
60 Minutes and they were talking the
whole segment was about obesity and
Ozmpic. The lady who represented the
public health in the United States at
that time said, "If you're obese right
now, it's not your fault. There's
nothing you can do about it. It's the
genes you were dealt. It's just bad
luck. But hey, we have OMIC. We have
these medications that could help." It's
such a victim mentality. And I'm not
just referring to obesity. Look, if you
have cancer that runs in your family,
diabetes, autoimmune disease, or even
obesity, it's true you have those genes.
You cannot change the genes you were
born with. Those were the cards you were
dealt. That's the bad news. The good
news is that you have control over the
expression of those genes. One of the
most empowering things I've ever learned
in my life was this. The lifestyle
decisions you make determine whether you
turn on genes or turn off genes. That is
one of the most profound statements that
you have. have the ability, I have the
ability, we have the ability to turn off
genes, bad genes and good genes. And I
would argue that 95% minimally of your
genes are going to be expressed through
your lifestyle decisions. Meaning less
than 5% of all disease out there,
including different things like obesity
and diabetes, less than 5% are strictly
genetics. That should empower you and
inspire you because it's all the things
you eat, you think, your movement, your
lifestyle that will turn on genes and
turn off genes. You are not your genes.
You are the CEO of your health and you
have more power than you've ever been
told. With that being said, I'm going to
get to some of your commonly asked
questions here. I want to encourage you
to go get Metabolic Freedom, my latest
book. There's a 30-day plan to help you
lose 20 lbs in 30 days. The book is
available on hardcover, Kindle, Audible,
Spotify. I narrated the audles myself
and you'll get an entire course on the
metabolism for free when you go to
metabolicfreedombook.com today or scan
the QR code on the screen or go to the
notes of this podcast episode or YouTube
notes down below. Let's get to your
questions. How can I improve my insulin
sensitivity naturally? Uh everything I
shared here, eating more red meat,
eating more protein and fat, less carbs
will help. Getting quality sleep really
helps with that. That's chapter six of
metabolic freedom. building lean muscle
mass. So, strength training, eating uh
high quality protein, uh eating enough
protein, one gram of protein per pound
of your ideal body weight and strength
training, quality sleep. All of this
makes you more insulin sensitive. U so
make sure you are following these tips
and and the 30-day plan of metabolic
freedom gives you the whole outline. By
the way, what's the difference between
healthy fats and unhealthy fats? Great
question. So, not all fats are created
equal. We want to consume saturated fats
and monounsaturated fats. So, I'll give
you an entire list of healthy fats to
consume. We have coconut oil, butter,
ghee, beef tallow, olive oil, duck fat,
and avocado oil. Any of those fats are
healthy. Those are going to be more for
cooking salad dressings and dips. If
we're thinking about meat sources of
fat, that's going to be eggs. Um, that's
going to be avocados, which is a fruit
technically. Uh that's going to be uh
red meat including beef and lamb, wild
caught, small fatty fish like salmon uh
and even organ meats are also great and
healthy for you. Bad fats are going to
be the vegetable oils and seed oils. You
want to avoid canola, corn, cotton seed,
sunflower, soybean, safflower, rice
brand, and grape seed oil. You also want
to avoid fish oil, which is
inflammatory. There you have it. We just
busted those seven myths. Hey, share
this with somebody you know. Thank you
for watching. Thank you for listening.
And if you're listening on the podcast,
please leave the show a rating and
review. and I'll see you next time. Oh,
hey, if you love this lesson, I just
published a recent video because I just
mentioned that strength training and
exercise is one of the best ways to
become more insulin sensitive, burn fat,
and extend your lifespan. Well, there's
a uh the number one exercise that you
could perform each week that targets
belly fat. And I just published a video
outlining this exercise. Check out the
clip from that lesson, then click the
video on the screen, and I'll see you in
that next lesson. The best part about
what I'm going to share with you today,
it does not require willpower. You don't
have to count calories. And as a matter
of fact, one of the worst ways to lose
weight and belly fat is to focus on
calories. It's the biggest mistake
people make. Focusing on calories is a
huge mistake. For example, you