Stop missing fairways. In this video,
I've got three quick setup wins that
will instantly tighten up your driver
game. No gimmicks. No, you've got to
swing it like this guy here. Yeah. Yeah.
No, never going to happen. Just real
setup science based on anatomy and
physics to get you fixing your slices,
controlling your fades and draws, and
finally owning the tea box.
Oh yeah. So, let's get into this. I'm
Andrew Cullen. If you want to swing
better, think better, score better, and
golf yourself to life, subscribe here.
All right, quick physics lesson. First
of all, it's critical to understand why
the ball flies, where it flies to get
the most out of these three wins I'm
going to give you. So, we're going to
look at club face first of all, and then
we're going to look at club path second
of all. So, imagine this white line as
my chosen target line. The yellow line
will represent the club face. So, if I
swing the club around myself and then
bring the club face back to square at
impact, then we're going to send the
ball along your target line. If the club
face, as I swing back down towards
strike, is open. So pointing right of
target then the ball is going to start
towards the right of target. And
hopefully obviously by now if I get the
club face closed to my target line in
the strike position so pointing left of
target for the right-hand golfer then
the ball is going to start left of
target. The ball will always start where
the club face is pointing at strike.
Now, delivering the club face back to
square at impact doesn't necessarily
mean that the ball is also going to fly
down your target line. So, we have to
talk about club path. If the club path
is from outside to in relative to your
target line, we're going to put right
spin on the ball and the ball's going to
move off your target line to the right
hand side. If the club path is from
inside to out relative to your target
line, the ball is going to curve off to
the left hand side with hook spin. So we
need to be able to control the club path
to be able to control the spin on the
ball. And the more you divert from club
face to club path, the more spin we
have. So really the goal of all these
easy wins is to deliver the club face
back to square and to try and minimize
the difference between the club path and
where the club face is pointing to
minimize the spin on the ball. Baby
fade,
baby draw, very controllable. So let's
get into these easy wins. Why do I call
them easy wins? Because it's minimum
disruption to the technique to get very
quick gains. Easy, easy, easy. Let's get
into it. Easy fix number one for the
right hand golfer left hand position.
This is the easiest fix if you're coming
in with the club face open. Ball is
starting right of target. Here is your
first pore of call. Here's how I teach
left hand grip grip position. Let the
hand hang and put the club in the left
hand. That's your natural position. So
you'll see that the arm doesn't hang
parallel to the body. It turns in a
little bit. If we just lay the club into
your hand in that natural position,
there's the position that the forearm
will want to return in natural. And
that's your square position at strike.
So, let's go strong position. If open
club face is a problem with you, we want
to go strong first. If you hit it too
far left, we can always work back from
there. So, here would be strong
position. Put your club outside your
left hip and then try again. Let your
hand hang naturally. Just put the club
into your hand there. So, we're going to
be in a stronger position. Much easier
to do this way rather than trying to
contort a position when the club's out
in front of you. So, there's strong
position. That's probably going to
create an over rotation of the left
forearm and rather close the club face.
Again, if you're coming in with open
club face, we want to try and do the
opposite. So, strong left hand position.
Often the problem I see of people trying
to get their grip position is when the
club's out in front of them in the
middle. And to get this strong position
is quite awkward. So they'll go into a
weak position. The arm's going to rotate
in the other direction, come into into
strike and open up the club face. So I'd
recommend to get a really good neutral
position. Left hand here. If you need a
stronger position, particularly if slice
ball starting right is your problem.
Start out here. And then we're going to
get that much more easy to square the
club face up. So I got trouble down the
right here, water. So I'm going to go
again. club it just out of left of my
left hip. So, I'm slightly strong. I'm
not going to change anything else from
there, but we pretty much avoid the ball
going at all right of target.
Yep. Left side of the fairway. Woo.
Okay. Easy win number two. Handle
position. Let's assume we've got the
club face returning back to square.
Should the handle of your driver be
rather up or down? Should it be rather
forwards, neutral or backwards? All
these have an influence on the path of
the swing and therefore the spin on the
ball. So, let me deal with the up down
first of all. So, the higher I go with
the handle, the more we're encouraging a
bias that's going to swing the club path
from inside to out, putting left spin on
the ball. And the lower I go with the
handle, the more I'm encouraging a club
path that's going to be from outside to
in. Therefore, putting right side spin
on the ball. So again, for the slice
tendency here would be your sort of
neutral position. If slice is still a
problem with that left hand grip
stronger, we'd rather go to a slightly
higher position with the hands sort of
Bryson Dejambo style. So, we're going to
swing more naturally from inside to out
with the club path rather than going low
with the hands where we're liable to
swing from outside to in with the club
path. All right. So, let's deal with the
horizontal position of the handle or
grip. If we let the driver lie on the
ground how it's made, if it's made well,
the shaft will probably sit at 90° to
the ground and we don't really want to
change it from there. So I would
discourage moving the handle forwards.
Again, that would rather get draw spin
on the ball. If we do that with your
irons, hands forward, we're encouraging
that into outstroke. The problem with
the driver, obviously, I've got 10 1/2°
here. I'm going to turn it down to 0
degrees. If I push my hands forward, so
not a good idea with the driver to push
the hands forward. So I'd rather have it
in neutral position. The position really
to avoid horizontally, particularly for
the slicers, is hands back. Again, with
the hands back behind the club head,
we're encouraging an out to in swing
path, club path. And so bias will be to
put right spin on the ball and make it
really worse for your slice. So the
slices out there so far, we've got a
weak left hand grip position. We'd have
a handle position that's low and back
and then you're just going to hit it
right, right, right all day. So, let me
show you one I'm going to try and set up
for a draw spin. Let me get rid of that
ball.
So, draw spin. I would rather go today
with the two easy wins. I'd rather go
slightly strong grip position.
Okay, we got that. We go rather a
position with the hands neutral to the
club face. So, not behind. So, making
sure my hands are up level with the club
and I'd be rather in a dash shambo
position, suddenly high with the hands
rather than lower. So, let's just see if
we can draw this one. Might even hook it
a little bit because I tend to draw the
ball anyway. Let's have a go.
Just started a little bit left of target
and moved a little bit further left, but
it's still a fairway finder. So
hopefully you understand now with those
two easy wins how we can start to
influence where the ball starts and how
it spins afterwards. If you're a little
bit lost with your swing, confused of
which direction to go, check me out at
Buy Me a Coffee. I have 25 spots
available for video exchange coaching
using the OnF form app to get you back
on track and realizing your potential.
Okay, easy win number three, forearm
alignment. And I'm going to show try to
attempt to show you this with my
alignment stick. If anybody ever wants
to volunteer to help me with my videos
out in the beautiful Black Forest in
Germany, great. You can help me with all
these bits and pieces. Right. So,
forearm alignment here would be my
neutral. So, obviously shoulders
pointing towards the target, feet, hips,
but also forearms. If I get my right
forearm below my left forearm, I'm
encouraging an in to out swing path. So
draw spin, left spin on the ball. If I
get my right forearm higher than my left
forearm forearm, I'm doing the opposite.
I'm encouraging outside to in swing
path. So cut spin on the ball. Often we
see sort of married with that is the
body position too far forward. So we
also want to get the forearms aimed or
if you're trying to influence spin on
the ball rather draw spin, fade spin. So
let me just extricate myself.
from my alignment stick here. I'll try
and hit a little baby draw for you down
the eighth hole here. So, I'm going to
go neutral with my grip position and I'm
going to go neutral with my handle
position and we're just going to go
right forearm underneath the left
forearm. So, we're encouraging again
inside to out and a little baby draw.
Here we go.
Yes, there he is. Absolutely
beautiful. Right. So, how do we put all
that into play? So, it depends if you're
a slicer or a hooker or you just want to
fade the ball and draw the ball on call.
So, slicers, I would recommend the one,
two, three. We want to go stronger grip
position. We want to get the handle
rather up and definitely not back. And
we'd rather get the right forearm below
the left forearm. So, if I just aim on
that bunker, I'm playing to sort of hook
it back. So, no more slice.
Yep. Started just on the bunker and is
now moving well left on the fairway. If
hooking is your problem, you would also
then think about that in reverse. So,
you rather go neutral grip position to
weak grip position. Probably stay
neutral. We'd rather go handle slightly
low, but again, keeping it neutral to
keep the same loft on the club. And you
go rather right forearm above the left
forearm. So I got to aim it down the
left side now. So here we go. So
handle's going to be low. I'm in neutral
grip position. I got my right forearm
above my left forearm. Normal swing. Not
changing anything in the swing here.
Yep. Started just left side of the
fairway. Now he's coming back. It's
going to be just right side of the
fairway. So again, if you're trying to
fight a hook or trying to fight a slice,
you'll probably want to engage all three
of those. If you're just wanting to
control fade and control a little draw,
then you probably just want to employ
one of those. So if I'm just trying to
hit it just on the inside of the bunker
with a little bit of baby draw, I'm
probably going to go neutral grip
position. I'm probably going to go
neutral handle position. Or I could go
high. or I'm going to go right hand,
right forearm, sorry, under or keep it
neutral, but one of those two. So, if I
employ two of them, I'll probably get
more draw spin. If I only employ one of
them, I'll get less draw spin.
Hopefully, that makes sense. Let me just
finish off with a beautiful little baby
draw. Let's do a dashambo baby draw.
Hands high, encouraging that in to out
swing path. Nothing else in the swing
changes.
There he is. Started on the bunker,
little bit left.