Hey everyone, it's Scott Kuru here and
I've got a warning for every single
Australian because what we've been
saying now for the past 12 months about
the property market is literally at our
doorstep. And one of the biggest
financial institutions that are
responsible for predicting the property
market has come out with a huge
prediction for what's going to happen to
the property market in the next 12 and
24 months. Now, depending on what side
of the fence that you do sit, you're
either going to love this or you're
going to hate this. Now, in this video,
I'm going to give you five really
important pieces of data. I'm going to
share a number of charts with you. So,
stick with me to the end here, cuz this
literally could change your thinking and
your thought process and your strategy
for your property investment over the
next 12 to 24 months. So, guys, just in
the last 30 days, it's actually been a
very interesting time in the property
market and also in the finance sector.
There's a lot happening around the
world, a lot happening in global
markets, and there's actually a lot of
talk internationally about what's going
on here in Australia. Now because of
that a lot of the big research
companies, a lot of the big financial
institutions here in Australia are
starting to revise their forecasts for
our property market. And what is
actually occurring is they are lifting
these forecasts and they are putting
down some very substantial numbers on
paper. They're putting their names and
their reputation down to say that the
property market will go through a mini
boom in the next 24 months. 2 3 4 years
and actually moving ahead. They do
forecast that we are on track to see
another doubling of property prices here
in Australia over the next 7 to 12
years. Now there's a number of reasons
why that will happen. I'll unpack that
whole thing, but I want to share with
you this latest prediction comes from
AM. So AM came out with a new
prediction. They've updated their
forecast. Now they are saying that the
median national house price in Australia
this year 2025 will grow about 7%.
That's huge. A year ago, people were
saying 1 2 3% growth. Now they're saying
7% growth. Remember, the market only
needs to grow 7% every year for 10 years
for the market to double. Now, what they
are saying for 2026 is 10% for the
national number. That is a huge number
and it correlates and it aligns with a
recent Westpak prediction as well. I'll
link to a video I did about Westpak
below so you can check that out. Westpak
also came out with a 10% growth
prediction for 2026. So, I want to put
this into perspective in terms of what
this means for your financial freedom
and your financial future. Because
ultimately, why are we investing into
property? We're doing it for our
financial return. We're doing it because
most of us are going to need 2 3 4 $5
million to be able to have financial
freedom. For me, the number is 5
million. That should be a target that we
all have that we all go for. If we only
get two or three, that's also okay. Hey,
but if you've got a $1 million
investment property and that property
grows by 7%. That takes the property
from $1 million to $1,70,000.
Now, that's just in one year. That's
just in 2025. But then in 2026, if that
property grows by another 10%, that will
take the property from $1,70,000
to 1.177
million. Okay, that is actually $177,000
of growth in just a 24month
period. And remember, you've only had to
put into the deal 100 grand, $120,000
cash to actually get in that deal. Maybe
using money from your super, maybe
you've refinanced your main home. So
maybe it's 100% debt deal. Now, in that
case, guys, you've actually created
almost $200,000 of wealth in just 2
years. So this is the times that we live
in, guys. We are living in a time of
huge asset inflation and I'm going to
get on to those five reasons as to why
this is happening and the five reasons
that Westpak and other financial
institutions are pointing towards and
are saying are the drivers and the key
factors for this growth. So guys the
first point is interest rates are
falling. We are in a cutting cycle. So
just in the last 6 months we had three
rate cuts already and the next 6 months
we are expecting one to three more cuts.
This is giving people increased
borrowing capacity somewhere between
$50,000 and up to $150,000
of more borrowing capacity which they're
going to put straight into the market.
The reason why they're going to put that
straight into the market is and this
comes to reason number two. We are
actually living in an environment where
it is structurally impossible to create
enough housing to keep up with our
population growth. And because of that
and because of the lack of housing, this
increased borrowing capacity literally
is funds a war chest of funds that
buyers have to battle other buyers. So
you've got more buyers, limited supply.
They are going to soak up all that
additional buying capacity in trying to
get into the market. Now, this actually
brings me to point number three, which
is driving the market. And this is the
first time buyer incentives. Now, I'll
also link to a video below that will
tell you all about this scheme, how it
works, how the government set it up, the
problems with it, and there are quite a
number of problems with it, but
essentially what it does is is it drags
more firsttime home buyers into the
market because it gives first-time home
buyers the ability to get into the
market with just a 5% deposit. Okay, so
this is substantial. And if you add on
top of that the existing incentives such
as the fact that first-time home buyers
don't have to pay stamp duty, then this
means that we could see a doubling or a
tripling of first home buyer demand in
the next 12 to 24 months. That
additional demand plus the demand from
investors and the already existing
demand from a growing population is what
is going to drive these new forecasts.
This is what Westpak and all the major
banks are saying. So guys, point number
four is we are seeing in the data just
in the last 30 to 60 days preapprovals
for loans from first-time home buyers
and investors and owner occupiers
increasing and hitting record levels.
For example, check out this data from
Commonwealth Bank. Now remember, almost
half of all home loans do come from the
Commonwealth Bank. So tracking their
numbers tells us a lot about what's
actually happening in the market. And
they have seen their preapproval rate
jump by 12% just in the last 30 days.
That is substantial and that is telling
you what is happening on the ground
right now. Now, that 12% jump in
pre-approvals hasn't translated into
property purchases yet. Let's be clear,
that's just people going out and getting
the finance approved to buy. But those
pre-approvals mean that there are more
people gearing up and getting ready to
get into the market. And guys, you have
to realize we're coming into the spring
selling season, which traditionally is
the strongest the market is at this end
of the year moving into Christmas. So
point number five guys, in addition to
tax cuts, in addition to interest rate
cuts, we are also seeing wages increase
and we're seeing the rate of wages
increase to be above that of inflation.
In fact, in the last 12 months, wages
have grown on average about 3.4%. But
there are certain industries and certain
jobs in the market which are growing 10,
15, even 20% yearonear. So a lot of
these people that are in certain jobs
where there's a limit on the amount of
people that can fulfill those jobs, they
are able to go out and negotiate 5 10
15% pay increases. This portion of the
market also will become property
investors. So we will see more property
investors. In fact, check out this
chart. This shows you that we are now
looking at record numbers of Australians
every single month going out to buy an
investment property. And predominantly,
this is people that already own a
property, have a lot of equity. This is
people that are getting those 5, 10, 15%
pay increases and they love the market
right now because there have been three
rate cuts, more rate cuts to come. This
means that the cost of holding the
property will be lower and the cash flow
on the property will actually be a lot
better. This is encouraging a lot more
investors into the market. So guys,
remember what's going on in the market.
We are actually seeing the beginning of
this mini boom, the last boom for this
decade. I have linked below to some
other videos where we have predicted
this. 12 months ago, we sent out this
warning to everyone. I want to let you
know if you're a first-time home buyer
and you're trying to get into the
market, I want to let you know that
those areas that are affordable for you
right now, depending on your capital
city, $600,000 to a million dollars,
you're going to see these prices outpace
you potentially. So, get in as soon as
you can. Secure something right away.
So, guys, really appreciate you. Hope
you enjoyed this video and this
information. Make sure to hit the like
button and subscribe so that you can get
videos like this every single day. This
is your daily property update, your 3 to
5 minute update on the property market
every single day so that you can be a
property insider.