I mean,
>> all right.
>> No,
>> let me jump in on this one. Let me This
is See, this is what we're talking
about.
>> That's exactly what we're talking. You
have a country that is falling apart.
>> Okay, so right there you see AOC Bernie
Sanders flustered on Bernie's side, a
bit enraged about a question that
Caitlyn Collins had asked. We're g to
give you the the context on it. It has
to do with something that we've talked
about here on the Damage Report, which
is the possibility that AOC could
primary Chuck Schumer. Take a look.
>> Are you saying that Senator Schumer
should not be worried about a primary
challenge from you?
>> I mean,
>> no,
>> let me jump in on this one. Let me This
is See, this is what we're talking
about.
>> That's exactly what we're talking. You
have a country that is falling apart.
>> We had a house housing crisis, a
healthcare crisis, an education crisis,
massive income and wealth inequality, a
corrupt campaign finance system, and the
media says, "Oh, you going to run. What
are you going to run for?" Nobody cares.
Should
>> anybody care? It's the House Speaker and
President Trump and the vice president
saying it,
>> right?
>> Pardon?
>> Well, of course, they're saying it to
deflect attention away from the real
issue.
>> Exactly.
>> And they tell you what the real issue
is. Let's see if CNN talks about it.
>> We're living in the richest country in
the history of the world. Right.
>> All right. You tell me why we're the
only nation not to guarantee healthcare
to all people. The only nation not to
guarantee paid family and medical leave.
Why we have a $7.25 an hour minimum
wage? Why we have 800,000 people
sleeping out on the street. Why we have
a president who denies the reality of
climate change. Why we have oligarchs on
top who have more and more power every
day. Let's talk about that issue, not
her own political future. She'll decide
that.
>> Ironically, I'm I'm going to I'm not
going to talk about her political future
right now, but I but I will say hearing
him do that like sort of running down
the hits just just run Bernie in 2028,
man. Like I don't think he's really like
he was old in 2016, but I don't think
he's older now than he was then. I
definitely am. I mean, look at the
evidence of your eyes. But I I think he
could just do it. Anyway, that said, uh
she was just asking about the primary
and they both don't want to talk about
that. They they pitch it as a
distraction from the issues, which when
Mike Johnson brings it up, it probably
is him attempting to distract from the
issues. I don't want to distract from
the issues. Uh, but I also don't work
for them. So, I do want to talk about
the possibility that she could run for,
you know, these other offices in the
same way that I talk about him. Um,
because first of all, I I think that it
is good messaging to not constantly be
promoting your next step. Some
politicians do that. I find it to be
grotesque. AOC and Bernie Sanders don't
do that. They like to focus on the
issues. And so, I think to some extent
they're being genuine in saying we don't
want to focus on that. I also think
let's keep it real. They're also not
angels and they're not saints. It's it's
a strategic thing to not focus on it.
And the idea that they're not thinking
about it, come on. Again, I don't work
for them. I mean, I would like if they
want to offer a job, AC AOC, please call
me and I will come work for you. But
until that time, I don't. And so,
they're to some extent being politicians
and being a little disingenuous. Yeah.
AOC is just so busy with the issues. And
I grant that she's she's busy, but she's
so busy that she hasn't thought about
it. She hasn't had meetings. She hasn't
laid any ground work. She hasn't done
any focus. Like, come on. I'm not that
fragile little bunny that you come
across in the woods. Okay, I've been
living. I don't know what animal I am in
this metaphor. Feel free to come up with
that for yourself. But it is it is a
thing. And and I don't bring it up to
distract from the issues. I bring it up
perhaps to give some hope and also
because it could potentially help with
the issues if AOC had more power. So
anyway, just going to disagree with them
a little bit. All respect in the world
and everything, but I disagree with him
a little bit. What do you think? Yes.
>> Yeah. Well, first of all, I love how
Bernie just shifted into school teacher
mode. Like I immediately reverted. I was
like, "Oh, like let me just sit here and
listen to what he has to say." Like, you
know, like it was a very familiar
feeling. But yeah, like I'm sure she is
thinking about her next move. like she
would be silly not to be thinking about
it or to be having those conversations
with her team. But as someone who like I
I am the type of person who I would be
thinking thinking thinking working on my
next thing not tell a soul until I'm
ready to launch and here it is. Uh I
respect that energy from her you know
like and and the thing is
>> it is very very uh difficult for her to
talk about something like this
especially right now because she's right
the that's not the point right now. Now,
I know some of the Republicans were
trying to blame this whole shutdown on
her because of the possibility that she
would uh primary Chuck Schumer, which
was kind of ridiculous to begin with,
but she's not the story right this
minute. There are very, very actually
pressing matters uh pertaining to
Congress and to the American people that
she needs to be talking about. Uh but
yeah, this does go into what we were
talking about earlier as far as the
future of the Democratic Party. A lot of
people do see her as the future of the
Democratic party, especially amongst
leftists and progressives. But I think
even liberals can identify that she is
somebody who is very young, very
vivacious, very well-liked within her
district and around the country, very
well-known, very eloquent, very um u
principled, I guess, on her uh the all
the different stances that she takes. So
in a lot of ways and you know she's on
tour with Bernie Sanders who many see as
he is you know the godfather of whatever
this leftist movement is currently in
the United States and she is like
touring him as you know literally I'm
going to inherit this from you you know
so the optics are there. Whatever her
next move is I wish her the best but I I
know I don't want to rush her into into
having those conversations. I want I
want her to get there when she gets
there.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I'm not I'm not demanding
that she talk about it. Are you are you
I'm going to talk about it. I I as of
right now we still kind of have free
speech in America a little bit at least
on YouTube. So I'm
>> I mean I I do wish that we did have more
of a bench and apart from just her
[Music]