What's up y'all? It's been a little
while. I've been getting a little
hairier as you can see by my face. I
know it looks so cool right now. I need
a haircut. I need a haircut bad. Do not
let the haircut fool you and make you
think that I've been struggling badly. I
have not been struggling badly, but I
have put down the content for a little
while. And I do want to just start off
by saying it was needed. I needed to
look at my content from a bird's eye
view and really assess the content I was
making. Um, and really assess the WNBA
as a whole. Like the WNBA content for me
is not working and we're going to get to
that. But the break allowed me to really
assess the content I was making, assess
the things I was saying on here, and
really decide if it's something that I
want to continue doing. But obviously, I
need to apologize for kind of leaving
you guys in the dark. I promise you, I
didn't intend on taking a two-month
break. I intended on taking a break of
probably like a week or two and then it
just like was extended and extended and
extended and I never found a place to
get back into the the content creation.
I want to preface the video by saying
this though. I haven't watched a WNBA
game since the last video I made. I have
not watched a WNBA game since probably
the last game I actually streamed at
that. It's been a long time since I've
watched a WNBA game. I did not watch any
of the playoffs. So, I that's not what
this video is about, and I have no
opinion on any topics revolving around
the actual play of the WNBA. And I'm
going to be honest, you shouldn't be
surprised about that if you've been
watching this channel. I've been spewing
the same rhetoric for about half a year
now. I've been saying that the WNBA is
really not a league worth watching
without Kaden Clark. I've been saying
that Kaden Clark was the main and only
reason why the league was even getting
any media attention. I was saying that
the vast majority of the fans of the
WNBA are fans of really Caitlyn Clark
and without Caitlyn Clark, the league is
going to fail. So, it shouldn't be
surprising to you that when Caitlin
Clark is sidelined for the rest of the
season, I lose my interest in the games.
And I communicated that with you guys a
lot. I communicated that on this channel
a whole lot. This channel was one of the
main channels spewing that idea, spewing
that rhetoric. And I'm going to be
honest with you, I still agree with it.
I still think this league is a league
that is totally dependent on Caitlyn
Clark. But what I don't agree with is
the way I went about expressing that.
Not because I think that I said it
wrong, but because I feel like I was
being a hypocrite. Like I continuously
would say, "Hey, this league is not
worth watching. Hey, I don't respect
this league. Hey, these games aren't
fun. Hey, this basketball sucks. Hey, I
could watch a men's basketball game at
the high school level and it could be
more exciting than a WNBA game." But
then we would continuously come on here
and keep watching these games. we will
continuously come on here and boot up
the live stream and watch the game. And
it's like that's just so hypocritical.
If you hate the game so much, then just
stop talking about it. If you really
hate the WNBA and you really loathe the
game, then don't speak on it. And so
that must mean that we really didn't
hate it that much, did we? There was
something interesting about it. And
obviously from a fever perspective, it's
because it's Kayen Clark's team. And so
even though Kayen Clark was not out
there, we wanted to see how the team was
going to perform without her. what was
going to happen in the upcoming months.
Obviously, we know that. I'm just
communicating it. But naturally, in our
bellies, we all know that that's the
reason why we were interested in the
Fever Games. And there's a lot of people
who were still continuously watching the
Fever Games. People who were, I would
call, content friends, even though I
really didn't collaborate with many
people who were still making videos on
the WNBA. I respect that, and that's
fine. If you want to still make videos
in the WNBA, or more precisely, make
videos on the Indiana Fever without
Caitlyn Clark, that is totally fine. But
for me, I am not a fan. It is not
something that piques my interest. I
always would come on here and say this,
y'all. And I know it's only been two
months, but seriously, this is what I
would say when I would make these
videos. It feels so distant for me. I
would say this when I get off after a
long day of work. I don't want to come
home and watch a WNBA game. I don't want
to come home and watch these women hoop.
It's just not something that piques my
interest. It is not something that I
would choose to do. It is something that
I would do because it was becoming a job
for me. It was becoming something that I
felt obligated to do because I know a
lot of people were watching my content
to see me break down the games or just
to see me talk about it. But it was not
something that I would have just done on
my own. It was not something I would
have just done in my free time. And I
think that kind of takes away from what
I started this channel to be. Like my
channel was all about talking about
things I wanted to talk about. In my
younger years, it was all about sports.
And so since I started that way, that's
just the way I've continued this channel
on. But I'm really not a very big-time
sports fan at this part of my life. This
is not something that I really enjoy. I
don't even really watch that many NBA
games. So, it's really been hard for me
to lock into the WNBA because like,
okay, it's easier to lock into the NBA
because it's a better level of
basketball, but I'm not even that much
of a basketball fan. So, you want me to
get into something that I'm not really
into and then go to a lower level of it
with the WNBA? That's obviously why I
was so irritated with the WNBA. That's
obviously why I didn't enjoy making the
videos as much as I did when I first
started this channel. And even though it
was the most successful, I was actually
making money from it. It was becoming a
job. I was getting paid from the AdSense
people were given on the live streams
with the donations, which I really
appreciate everybody who was doing that.
So, it was becoming beneficial for me,
but it was becoming less and less
enjoyable. And so, I guess that's the
trade-off when it comes to this YouTube
thing. And I felt like I was becoming a
slave to the algorithm. I felt like I
just had to continue making content
about the WNBA if I wanted my channel to
succeed. And there's so many people
who've seen me talk about the W and they
go, "Oh, this guy's gonna be a great
commentator in 10, 20 years." And so
then I felt obligated to continue
pursuing it. But it's it's never been
something that I've felt in my gut that
like, "Oh, I want to be a W and be a
content creator. I just don't think
that's just something I want to do. I
don't want to be a content creator for
the W. I don't want to be a commentator
for the W. I'm not a fan of the W. I was
a fan of Caitlyn Clark. But Caitlyn
Clark, just to be honest, within herself
is not enough to make me continue
watching these games and covering them.
So, I guess I'm saying all that to say I
quit. I'm done. I I'm not a WNBA fan
anymore. And I'm not going to be a
content creator about a sport that I
don't enjoy because in the end, somehow
someway, I'm going to start representing
it wrong because I I just don't like
this the basketball of the WNBA. So it
it's hard for me to be objective if it's
just something I genuinely don't enjoy.
There's people who genuinely do enjoy it
and there's fans of the WNBA. I'm just
not one of them. And so I can't be a
representation or I can't be the
spokesperson for a league that does not
represent my own desires. It does not
represent what I'm into. You know what I
mean? If that makes sense. And y'all, I
don't like the fakeness. Like that's
just not me. I don't like coming on here
and being fake. Coming on here and
acting like I'm enjoying something that
I'm not. Now, the videos weren't all
fake. Like, let's not play it like, you
know, I didn't actually enjoy this. I
did. I got excited on the live streams.
I got excited when I was making the
videos. Like, this was fun for me for a
while and then I realized it really
wasn't that fun. You know, it it became
a chore and it's just not something I'm
into right now. And the WNBA is not
really at a point right now where people
I think should be into it with no
Caitlyn Clark. It's getting better, but
it's still not at that level where
you're going to have a big time fan
base. That's just my opinion. Now, some
people are still watching it. People are
still making content on it, and that's
fine. But for me, it's not my thing. I
can't continuously come on here and act
like it is cuz that's being fake. And
fakeness is just something that I I just
I can't get behind. So, like, you know,
it boils over and I just have to like
take a step back and realize like I
don't want to make a video. And I think
that's what happened the last week of my
video making. Look, I just realized like
I really don't want to make a video
right now. And I just decided I don't
have to. Like, nobody's forcing me to.
I'm free to not make a video. And the
fact that I was even at that point
should tell that I probably shouldn't
have been speaking on the WNBA at that
point cuz it it wasn't fun to me. But I
felt obligated to. Um, and I keep
speaking like referring to my past self
which was like, you know, two months ago
nearly. You know, it's not like this was
a year and a half ago. But I have, you
know, did a lot of thinking on the WNBA
and, you know, the near two months that
I haven't posted a video and I'm at the
conclusion that this is just not for me.
And I understand that that's going to
like kind of, you know, shoot my channel
in the foot a little bit, right? Because
this is a channel I've built on
basically the WNBA. But I'm going to
probably try to shift up the content a
little bit and speak on things that are
more so close to what I enjoy right now.
And we'll see where that takes me.
Because you know what, man? If you're
going to do YouTube, you got to make
videos that you want to watch, not
videos that the algorithm wants you to
make, not videos that the people who
watch your content want to make. You got
to make videos that you are going to
enjoy making that you would stop and
watch because that's the only way you
can make content that's so spectacular
that'll make people go, "Wow, I can't
believe that we get to watch this for
free." And that's really what I want to
do. And I know I make good content. I
make content that you guys enjoy. I make
content that you guys are constantly
bugging me about. Like, Carter, where
are you. And I I do apologize for
everyone who's been worried about me.
Like, you know, it
I ain't trying to make you worry about
me. It wouldn't have took me no time to
come on here and let you guys know I was
okay. So, I'm sorry for not doing that.
That's just me being a little immature
with my audience. Like, obviously, I
could be dead right now and I, you know,
haven't come out and said I was alive.
So, I apologize for that. That's just
immaturity. But I want to make content
that I really do enjoy watching. And so
I'm going to take a stab at that. I'm
very appreciative of everyone who
watched me while I covered the W. Like I
accumulated a good bit of money in my
youth through the WNBA that I I haven't
really spent at this point. It's just
there for me and that's going to help
me. And so I look at it this way. If I
start making content about things that I
enjoy, which I really don't know what
that's going to look like yet, and this
whole thing flops and the channel dies
and maybe I don't make another dime from
YouTube, right? and this isn't what I
thought it could have been. That's okay
because I made a boatload talking about
the W and I genuinely enjoyed it for a
while and I got tired of it and I
decided to experiment and I I did get a
whole lot of experience with the WNBA.
Maybe my new experiment doesn't work out
but the experience I got from talking
about the W will go with me for life and
the money I made from it is still
sitting in my account. So I I appreciate
you guys for that and it was a great
experience. Uh it was cool being a
content creator. That's how I could look
at it. And then if I if I pivot and it
works out and then, you know, the
content I want to make is the content I
do make and maybe it's compensating me
or maybe I'm reaching, you know, a a big
audience and I'm able to really impact
people on a great scale and then I do
get to that point where people watch one
of my videos and they go, "Wow, I can't
believe I got to watch this for free."
Then at that point, I did what I was
supposed to. I think it's a win-win. But
I think the lose of the situation is me
continuing to talk about something and
going on a path that I don't enjoy, a
path that I feel like I'm going to
regret. Like, why am I talking about the
WNBA right now? Why do I have to show up
to a WNBA Allstar game with my little
press pass on my necklace? Like, I'm a
good old WNBA fan and I have to fall
into the parameters of what the WNBA
calls you to fall into. And I have to be
a women's supporter and a LGBTQ
supporter and a a black supporter, all
the things that come with it and just be
a little fake guy who really doesn't
even enjoy it. And and for what? For the
money, for the paycheck. Is is that what
we're doing here? No, I don't need that.
I don't want that. That's not what I'm
doing with this. And I think that's what
happens to a lot of people when they
start making content. We all get lost in
the algorithm and we become slaves to
the algorithm, but like no, this is
YouTube. Make what you want to make. So,
that's what I'm going to do with this
channel. And I'm just letting you know.
Um, and so I understand a lot of people
probably aren't going to want to
continue watching my videos and that's
okay, but I'm going to pivot. It's going
to be a total 180 from the content
you've usually been seeing. I don't know
what it's going to look like yet, but
I'm going to attempt and maybe I never
make another video after this because I
quit, you know, YouTube and I'm never
able to get back into it and there's
some reason, right? But I'm going to
try. Okay, so expect a video from me
soon. That's all I wanted though, y'all.
Hope you guys enjoyed seeing my face.
Um, I want to hear everything you guys
got to say. Um, if you made it this far,
you're a legend. Um, but yeah, y'all
take it easy, man. Be blessed. Good
things happen.
for sure. And yeah, peace y'all.