Like everyone that I know is celebrating
the fact that the hostages are coming
home and that Israel is stepping back.
So where are all of the people who were
protesting and celebrating? If this was
not an anti-Jewish thing, why are you
not all screaming from the rooftops? I'm
just I'm a little confused because I
literally can't get rid of the amount of
pro Palestine on my for you page. This
woman online raises a really good
question to all of the pro Palestinian
people now that there is a ceasefire
agreement. Right. The silence is so
interesting because I thought they've
been shouting ceasefire, ceasefire,
ceasefire for two years. Now that they
got what they wanted, they seem to be
quite silent, which is so telling and
not surprising. I'm the other Barack
coming to you live and direct here from
the Holy Land. Sorry, I'm in Australia.
I'm still jetlagged, folks. I'm in
Australia right now. Holy canoli poly. I
landed in Australia yesterday. It's the
first time I've ever been here. I'm here
for about a week and a half and I am
clearly still not fully rested because I
thought I was in the Holy Land in
Israel, which is where we normally are.
If you're brand new to this channel, I
promise you that I'm normally not
jet-lagged, but right now I am. And if
you could just take two or three seconds
and press that subscribe button below,
it would really really help the the
growth of this channel and press that
bell icon because we put out three to
four videos a day here. It's time to get
into the
>> Is it just me or like where are all the
pro Palestine people when Trump just
made this announcement and there's
officially a deal being made? Like
everyone that I know is celebrating the
fact that the hostages are coming home
and that Israel is stepping back. So
where are all of the people who were
protesting and celebrating? If this was
not an anti-Jewish thing, why are you
not all screaming from the rooftops? I'm
just I'm a little confused because I
literally can't get rid of the amount of
pro Palestine on my for you page. So, I
was very excited to see all of the pro
Palestine content that would be
celebrating
the announcement. I'm a little confused.
Where are you
>> if it's not about Jews?
and it's about Gaza and this deal was
made that Israel will be pulling away.
Where's the celebration? Because in my
eyes, you should be celebrating more
than you celebrated on October 7th,
right?
>> Or are we not really wanting peace?
>> No, you're asking the right questions.
You know what's interesting is the
people who have been celebrating
are the Palestinians inside of the Gaza
Strip that I made a video about recently
showing them not only celebrating but
celebrating the idea of doing another
October 7th. I mean Yahood uh sorry I'm
still jetlagged from my um uh my trip in
Australia uh my trip to Australia. So
I'm I'm forgetting the the chant. um
I think is the is the is the chant but
essentially like uh it's a very famous
chant to go call out for the
slaughtering of Jews. So you know the
the silence is not is not surprising and
also if you look at a lot of the
accounts that have been shouting for a
ceasefire for so long you could see them
say you could pull it up on X like yeah
a ceasefire is nice but it's not
satisfying until Israel's gone. It's
like, oh, so like
you you [ __ ] everyone too. Not just
me, but all the people who followed you.
All the 1.9 million people who followed
you the past two years as motivation and
trying to solve some peace conflict here
in the Middle East. And now that now
that you have an opportunity to have
your ceasefire. What? No. No. Now we're
going to take the mask off. I call
[ __ ] is what I call. This whole
movement is built on a pile of [ __ ]
Turd of [ __ ] Yes, that's right.
That's the language I'm using today
because that's what it is. That's really
what it is. This was never about a
ceasefire. It's never about peace. Since
October 7, 2023, was never about any of
that [ __ ] It was about mobilizing
people to get them on their side for
short-term gain.
Go back to the first few videos I make
made on this channel. That's what I
talked about. How these people are not
in it for the long run. And the ones
that claim that they are are [ __ ]
lying to you.
The Palestinians inside of the Gaza
Strip should feel played by them because
they don't actually give them the
support that they need. They don't
really care. Flotilla doesn't really
care. Greta Thunberg doesn't really
care. Greta Thunderberg posted a picture
of Evat Davidid who is an Israeli
hostage that you can see his rib cage
because he's being starved
who was forced to dig his own grave a
month ago filmed. Sent that out to the
world for them to see. And Greta
Thunderberg posted a picture of him
saying, "Look at what Israel is doing to
the Palestinians. He's a [ __ ] Israeli
hostage.
These This is the intellect. That's the
level of intellect that these people
have who are supposed to be leading the
pro Palestinian movement. Give me a
[ __ ] break.
That's what I have to say. And if you've
been pulled into this movement by their
gravitational pull of [ __ ] you've
been played. You've been played. You've
always been played. And if you're
realizing it now, sorry. It's not too
late.
For those of you who are still being
played, continue to get played like a
violin. These people are
I got to be careful with the language I
use, man, because this is YouTube. I
think you guys get the point. None of
this should be a surprise. Thank you so
much for all your support. See you guys
next video. Here are four ways you can
help us grow. If you believe in our
mission on buy me a coffee and PayPal,
you can directly contribute to helping
this message grow and reach more people
across the world. If you want to join
the inner circle, join our Patreon with
different tiers and of course our
Discord community which is free with
people from all across the world. The
links to every single one are in the
description. And last but not least to
the other Barack community, I love you.
I'll see you guys next time.