Hi everyone, Dr. Sil Dan, medical
doctor. I'm going to explain to you in
this video why I believe that the
current unprecedented catastrophe we
have with the nation's health, whether
we're talking about soaring rates of
obesity in adults and children, chronic
diseases, type 2 diabetes, etc., is not
the fault of US food corporations. Yes,
I just said that. And I'm going to
explain to you why. And before anybody
gets too upset and threatens to unfollow
me, unsubscribe from this channel, I
want you to listen till the very end and
then tell me whether my logic is flawed.
And before you even think of arguing
with me, I'm speaking as somebody who
actually thinks food corporations are
terrible. I barely eat processed foods
myself, but I don't think we can put all
the blame on US food corporations. Think
about this. The first point that I'm
going to highlight is that I'm somebody
who travels all the time back and forth
between the United States and Europe,
predominantly the United Kingdom where I
grew up. And I have to say that as a
very observant person and as a doctor,
every single time I go back to the
United Kingdom, the metabolic health of
the country seems to be worse with
similarly soaring rates of obesity. And
every time I've gone back over the last
few years, it's always seemed slightly
behind the US. But now I would say it's
at exactly the same levels looking
around at adults and children and I'm
supposedly in a low obesity healthier
county. I don't think there's any
difference now with the United States.
So I want everybody to explain to me in
the United Kingdom processed food
companies are not allowed the same
ingredients and dyes etc artificial dyes
that the United States is allowed. But
yet rates of diseases and obesity are
exactly the same in the United Kingdom,
even with stricter regulations. Yes,
people still consume way too many
processed foods, but processed foods
have been around for a long time. I
mean, looking at a grocery store in the
United States, I've lived here for a few
years. I don't think anything is that
different from 20 years ago. So, what's
changed? If food corporations have
always been terrible, what exactly is
going on? So that's the first point
there that countries like the UK with
stricter regulations have exactly the
same issue going on. So I've written a
few notes here. That's the first point
that I would like to highlight. The
second point is this that we can talk
about food corporations all we like but
I believe and I've made videos on this
before that the current catastrophic
situation is more a reflection of a
cultural and spiritual crisis. I'm not
talking about spiritual necessarily in
the sense of religion. But when you have
millions upon millions of younger
people, adolescents and people in their
20s who have completely given up on
this, they become obese. I'm not talking
about just a little bit chubby. They
become obese. Go outside, go to shopping
malls, look around at what's happened in
the United States and United Kingdom.
This would have been unthinkable 20
years ago. And this is not a cosmetic
issue. This is a health issue. All of
these youngsters are going to get type 2
diabetes in their 30s. This is an
absolutely awful situation. So, let's
ask ourselves this. And I've traveled to
other countries in the last few years,
including in mainland Europe. I've also
been to Ireland, went to Ireland very
recently. I would like to share this
observation with you that countries that
share a similar culture, so United
States, Canada, Ireland, United Kingdom,
Australia have all seen this exact same
phenomenon. Yet go to other countries
like France, Italy, Japan, and the same
thing hasn't happened. So, doesn't this
tell you that the culture is more of an
issue than the actual food environment?
Given that the food environment has a
drastically changed in Western
countries, something else has changed.
And that hasn't got hold at least yet in
countries like France and Italy. I know
because I've been to France, Italy,
Spain over the last few years, and the
same thing is not happening over there.
So that tells me that there's something
very culturally going on which is
leading people to drop the ball on this,
not really care about their health,
staying in shape the same way as they
did a few years ago. And we can pass
this till the cows come home in terms of
getting these companies to change
ingredients. By the way, back in the 70s
and 80s, did we try to work with
cigarette companies to make healthier
cigarettes? Or did we tell people that
they have to stop smoking? Wouldn't a
better public health message be, well,
firstly, you're eating way too many
calories every day, overindulgence,
consuming in excess, not moving is far
more of an issue than processed foods.
And again, I speak as somebody who's not
a fan of processed foods, but I want you
to think very carefully about that
observation. And maybe people who live
in these countries can comment. Why on
earth would certain cultures all go down
this same road particularly over the
last 10 years and since the pandemic
whereas other cultures like Japan, South
Korea, I mean they went through the
pandemic as well. But I would say that
there was much more of a culture of
people being in shape and not completely
letting themselves go to the same degree
as has happened in countries like the
USA and UK. And particularly when we're
talking about children, this takes
things to a whole new level when
children are being affected. And I
noticed this during my last trip to the
UK. I drove past a few schools and the
amount of overweight and obese children.
I mean many of us when we were growing
up look back at your pictures you may
have had one overweight child in the
class who sadly probably got a hard time
but something very weird has happened
and I really think that culture comes
into this spirituality comes into this
losing hope mental health all sorts of
things but if this was truly a
phenomenon which is sweeping the world
then certain countries wouldn't be
spared from it the final thing that I
would like to emphasize here and I get
into this debate online. People tell me
that it's all processed foods. Okay,
processed foods are doing this. Well, I
would advise you to educate yourself on
the history. Let's take the history of
royalty in the United Kingdom. Even the
history of Roman empires. Now, there was
no processed food whatsoever in the
times of Henry VIII, for example. But
read about what happened to Henry VIII
because he succumbed to a culture of
overconumption. He was famous. He used
to consume vast amounts of meat actually
and also I'm sure sugar and other treats
and he got into a place where he was
barely moving. He became obese, very
sick and this happened to many kings,
emperors or other rulers throughout
history and there was no processed food
back then. But what happened? A culture
of excess of not moving neglecting their
body and then bad things happened. And
this also coming back to spirituality
and I don't want to make this a
religious discussion but you read any
religious text whether we're talking
about the Bible the ancient books of
Hinduism Buddhism seekism what is a key
principle moderation not being greedy
not being a glutton three of the deadly
sins greed sloth gluttony when you have
a society which is completely and
utterly lost poor mental health
forgetting the basics of what it means
to live well, to take care of your body,
not go over the top, and a culture of
overconumption, which I would argue is
the main contributing factor to this.
And it pains me that we have all these
people at the top who are mcking around.
Ooh, let's change this ingredient. Which
out? Let's change high fructose corn
syrup with cane sugar. Let's take this
artificial dye out. And you're missing
the elephant in the room is that the
culture has gone so badly wrong. The
culture is rotten. There's barely such
thing anymore as, "Oh, don't go over the
top. Don't have that dessert. It's not
going to be good for you. You're going
to get out of shape. You're going to get
love handles if you're a guy." I mean,
you barely ever hear that now. It's all
just eat, eat, eat. It's okay. Sit on
your backside on the sofa looking at a
screen all day, not get up and move.
Many of us grew up in a time, I mean
this is not going back that long ago in
the '9s when you were told if you were
getting out of shape, you were told that
it's not a good idea to have dessert.
It's not a good idea to keep on eating
throughout the day. It's not a good idea
to not move. Something weird has
happened and I have been doing so much
thinking on this and I've made videos I
know in the last few weeks. This is a
cultural issue. A society which is lost,
spiritually lost, has poor mental
health, has no good role models, bad
things promoted in the mainstream media,
all of the wrong habits. And this is
what happens. And our ancient ancestors
knew this. And that is why again in all
of the religious scriptures throughout
history, one of the first things that is
told to anybody who wants to listen,
don't be a glutton. Don't be a sloth.
Take care of your body because if you
don't, bad things are going to happen.
And that's exactly what we're seeing
now. And it's ludicrous that society
thinks and the mainstream medical
establishment thinks that we can inject
our way out of this or prescribe more
pills to get out of this. No, we need to
get back to basic fundamentals.
Processed food companies have been there
for a long, long time. Coming back to
what I started with when I first moved
to the USA, I don't think anything has
changed. All of these foods were cheap.
They were available. What's changed is
society and bad things are going to
happen if we don't face facts, if we
don't face reality, if we don't be
honest with ourselves about personal
responsibility, taking ownership, not
being lazy, adopting good habits.
There's no way around this whatsoever,
and societies will eventually learn the
hard way. So, that's all I've got to say
about that. Thank you everyone for
watching. Let me know your thoughts down
below on what I've talked about. Do you
disagree? I'm not disagreeing with the
premise that processed foods are bad.
I'm disagreeing with the premise that we
blame corporations for a cultural issue
and masses of human beings simply losing
control and not having any concept of
moderation anymore. Okay, everyone,
check the links in the description down
below for my website, all the other work
I do, and our natural well-being store,
ohighwwellness.com. If you're in the
USA, North America, ohighwwellness.co.
if you're in the UK, Europe. Also, if
you're not already signed up for my free
newsletter, why not? That link is down
below as well. Hit the like button if
you like this video, the subscribe
button for more similar videos in the
future. If you enjoyed this video, you
will also enjoy some of my other videos
on how to naturally optimize your
metabolic health. We will speak again
very soon.