Hey, you've been getting fed really bad
information for a long time. And what
I'm about to show you is going to be
really shocking. But if you can keep an
open mind and perhaps be ready to make a
paradigm shift, then you might play the
best golf of your life and hit it longer
and straighter than you ever have before
with less effort.
So, a lot of golfers out there have
completely the wrong idea on what a golf
swing should feel like, should be like.
They want to be strong, try to muscle
through the ball by pulling the arms
into it. Or some of you out there
believe that you want to delay, delay,
delay, and even restrict, restrict,
restrict because being flippy is your
enemy. So, of course, you've got to
delay, delay, hold, hold, flat wrist,
flat wrist. Don't flip, don't flip,
don't let go, don't ever let go. That is
the idea that I see in many other
YouTube videos. And you're welcome to
keep the status quo, but this is going
to mean that a lot of very small
in stature and muscle mass like LPGA
ladies are going to easily outdrive you
while looking like they're using half
the energy that you are. So, what is it,
you ask? This is the concept of a golf
swing being as close to a bull whipping
action or a towel cracking action as you
can possibly make it traveling down to
the club head. Now, you can easily start
to learn this sensation if you were just
to take a length of, say, nylon cord or
rope, something with a little bit of
weight to it and just practice whipping
waves down it or taking a towel of some
sort and winding it up and then cracking
it, you start to get the sensation of
what a golf swing is really all about.
And when you start to realize that
nothing about the body on either of
those two activities, the body is not
rigid there. The body is very loose and
very supple. If you're going to whip
something,
whip a towel.
The body is incredibly supple. It's
almost like I want the wrists just
flapping back and forth in their full
range of motion, dangling from the
ligaments, responding to the action of
the joints above them, rather than
trying to input their own action. This
is when you get this principle down, you
can create a hell of a lot more club
head speed. Now, let's take a look at a
real bull whip. And this is what
absolutely blew my mind, and I think
it's going to blow your mind, too. This
is just a very petite female tracking
this whip. So, the whip is breaking the
sound barrier. That's established
science, right? It's breaking the sound
barrier. So, you're talking about the
tip of the whip going 6 7 8 900 mph
perhaps at its fastest. But I want you
to watch this arm swing in slow motion.
This is incredible.
You're noticing that her arm, she's
doing an overhand version. Her arm
supply snaps forward and down,
but it stops right about level with her
waist. It literally just comes to a stop
suddenly. Meanwhile, the entire bull
whip is still way way behind her,
curled up,
and you can see that everything after
this, the a her action is all done.
She's done. She's just modeling at this
point.
And now you're seeing
how the action, how the force that she's
doing, this whipping action that she's
done
now responds. And the the bull whip
unravels and whips around over her
shoulder
and then the tip of it just absolutely
explodes
through space as it un the last few
inches unravel. pam and it just you can
see it breaking the sound barrier. So
this brings two extraordinary principles
of the golf swing
into focus. Number one, that when you're
seeing
the swing go from here down to here,
you're really not seeing very much more
force being applied to the shaft.
starting at about here
where right about here is where peak
force is measured. So you have forces
applied to the grip with your wrists and
your hands and some of it by turning the
body as well applies torque to the club.
You start throwing this thing way back
here. It starts ramping up, ramping up,
ramping up.
Same as when her arm is starting to go,
there's a a point where she's applying a
peak force to the handle of that whip
long before she reaches the end.
You're just not seeing a response yet.
Just like you see with the whip appears
to be still coiled. Isn't that funny
that that thing does most of its
uncoiling after her
torque is completely finished and she's
just standing motionless.
So it's force starts to ramp up, ramp
up, ramp up, peaks here.
But after this, it flatlines very
quickly. So by the time you reach the
ball, the amount of torque that you're
now applying into the grip is flatlining
towards zero. It almost reaches zero
before you hit the ball. So it goes from
very high to very short. So that's one
principle that's that's beautifully
spotlighted by this slow motion bull
whipping video. Apply the throwing force
from the top.
free will through impact.
You feel force here and then relaxation
here. As Mike Austin used to put it, my
mentor, he would say, "The guy who could
go from full muscular contraction to
full muscular relaxation in the quickest
period of time will be the guy who drove
the ball the farthest." This is where I
get to jump on almost anyone when I try
to hit the ball. When I move my my
weight over here and my shoulders rotate
in this manner, I give the club a throw
so it'll catch up. Your stimulus begins
right here. Everything works as a unit
with the hands trying to work faster
than the arms. So, they can't take up
the slack.
Now, the second principle that
absolutely blows my mind about this bull
whipping video is that she stops
suddenly. So, she doesn't have to keep
going in order to make that whip
continue to go around her. Her motion is
done. And so she accelerates that handle
and then suddenly stops it right here.
And it's that sudden stop that really
gives the energy to travel the length of
the whip and reach finally the tip. And
so you have the same amount of energy
that's going to a lighter and lighter in
mass part of the whip all the way out to
that little tip which is just strings
with almost no mass at all. and its
energy is traveling out and accelerating
the tip faster, faster, faster. As the
weight gets less and less, the energy is
carried outwards. It's another principle
that the longest hitters use. Check out
some of these guys on tour who just hit
the ball a long, long way. And what they
do,
you can't do it because again, this is
not exactly a bull whip, but the
principles are still there. She's going
from max handle speed to zero suddenly.
And a towel crack like the one you're
seeing on the screen. The handle or the
the grip the end of the towel that he's
holding actually pulls backwards
right before the tip cracks like this.
The same principle is true with the
longest drivers that you admire on TV.
While it may be impossible to make this
end of the stick actually stop, probably
impossible. If you could do it, what
would be likely to happen
if you were to do this and release at
the same time is you'd get thrown
backwards. You'd get thrown you'd be
thrown head over heels probably seven or
eight feet backwards by the opposing
force suddenly accelerating going this
way. But what it's telling us is that
the for every mile an hour from its
peak, which is right about here, that
you can make this end of the stick slow
down.
And even better, if you can even make it
curve upwards and leftwards while it's
slowing down, it's acting as a massive
multiplier
to the head of the club, just like the
bull whip or the towel crack is doing to
the tips. This is the tip of our bull
whip here. So, the best longest hitters
are going to bring their handle speed
down by somewhere in between say oh 8 to
10 m an hour on the PGA Tour and
possibly as much as 12 or 13 or even 14
m an hour on the longest long drivers on
the long drive tour. That's how much
they're slowing the handle down. So, you
can slow that handle down by a good
third.
Let's say that you are pretty efficient
at getting that handle speeding up by
driving your body and turning. You
really get that handle moving down.
Let's say you can get it to 21 m an hour
and then you can slow it down to 14 m an
hour by the time it reaches impact.
That's a really good ratio and you're
going to get a huge whipping multiplier
to that club head speed. So, somebody
who does this would look be something
really similar to what you might see in
a longer hitting LPGA Pro where it
doesn't look like they're moving that
fast through the ball, but yet that club
head comes whipping through it, you
know, a good 100 or even 105 mph
and all of a sudden they're out there
280, 290 yards. So, here is a chart up
on the screen by one of the smartest
PhDs in the golf field. Uh, his name is
Sasha McKenzie. He's got a major winner
on his hitting bay and he's recording
him using 3D cameras and he's got and
he's measuring these forces acting on
the handle and what point in the swing
they're acting on the handle. You can
see exactly what I'm talking about
fairly similar to what we're seeing in
the bull whipping video is that you're
seeing the the the forces are starting.
They even, some golfers, they even start
to throw and unccock the wrists before
the back swing ever finishes. How do you
think it's got to decelerate to zero and
turn the other way? Well, you've got to
apply an opposite force sometimes before
your club even sets and then the ramp
the force ramps up, peaks about here,
and then flat lines to zero. It's proof
there, too, as well as in the bull whip.
So, what are we to learn from all these
examples? If you're not a big hitter and
this sounds really mumbo jumbo technical
to you, what I do want you to remember
is some fundamentals of hitting the ball
far are these. You want to treat it as a
whipping activity,
not a pulling or a pushing or being
rigid and strong,
but instead be
supple. Can you get your body from your
neck all the way to your toes
to be super duper supple, extremely
loose?
Not trying to be strong. Be the opposite
of strong. So your body is supple. Get
your wrists and forearms real supple and
loose. Get rid of some of that grip
pressure that you're squeezing that
leads to you trying to pull and be
strong. Instead, start treating this as
close as you can get to a whipping
action. A whipping action, you're going
to make the tip of the stick break your
sound barrier, which is your your
audible. A lot of golfers can't do this.
Make a swish.
I'm making a swish by keeping my wrist
and for forearm extremely flexible.
I'm going to give the handle a little
bit of acceleration at first
and then I'm going to slow it down
just like that. And you can get the tip
of that thing going 100 and then 120 and
then maybe at 140 mph
and possibly then do it with one arm
like I'm doing it and you start to
experience the whip. You're start you're
starting to experience what I'm talking
about in all these technical charts and
videos is you're experiencing the force
ramping up back here. You're not
experiencing a or attempting to delay or
to hold. There is no it is just a rapid
acceleration
or rapid increase of torque freely
into the ball.
Not trying to keep the left wrist flat.
Not trying to hold the club face square,
not trying to keep from flipping. In
fact, you're trying to get as flippy as
you possibly can. You're just doing it
by moving your body. You're moving it
and getting the flip to happen out here
about 30 in past the ball. But you want
to get
as flippy as you possibly can around the
correct arc. Now, put those principles
together.
Super simple.
Think of cracking a whip instead of
trying to be strong.
Stay nice and relaxed.
And whip that club. Turn and whip that
club out in front of the ball. Attempt
to make that whooshing sound about 30 in
in front of the ball. you're going to
find yourself swinging with more club
head speed than you ever dreamed
possible and start to hit the ball a
long way. So, I hope I convinced some of
you out there. Some of you, like in the
Matrix, you're just not ready to be
woken up yet. You're just going to be in
your slumber and you're going to stay in
your given ways that that the angle is
held to here. The longer you hold it,
the farther you can hit it. Flat left
wrist, forward leaning club, never let
go.
you're going to stay asleep and you're
never going to play your best golf. But
whether or not I have swayed you, leave
a comment down below. If you still
disagree with me, tell me why. If I
opened your eyes, let me know down in
the comments. Give these ideas a try.
Let me know how they go. Hey, thanks so
much for watching all the way through
the video. It really helps. Hit the like
button. Subscribe if you haven't. Visit
my website, hititlonger.com.
Email me at this address for in-person
lessons or for FaceTime lessons or for
video analysis. I would love to help you
with your swing. And if I don't see you
in the next video, I hope I see you
longer and straighter down the fairway.
Everybody take good care.