Hi guys, thanks for tuning in to another
episode of Nuggets News or our monthly
housing and economy update with our
friend Martin North. How are you Martin?
I'm pretty good. How you going?
>> I'm pretty good. Every month we say I
wonder what's craziness is going to
unfold in the next few weeks. And we had
the biggest crypto crash of all time, so
we'll touch on that. But there's also
plenty of huge world news unfolding.
>> Yeah, absolutely. Well, I I I posed the
question the other day with uh with Tar
Brooker, who I make shows with. Have we
reached peak stupidity yet? And no, I
don't think we have, but we're climbing
the mountain.
>> Peak stupidity, but also I feel like
there's more people waking up than ever
to everything that's going on, which is
fantastic. So, yes,
>> absolutely.
>> Let's dive into these slides if you
like.
>> Yeah, I think we should because I think
this sets it up quite nicely. And we
should start with obviously the
announcement um late Friday in the US
from Trump that he's um ratcheting up
the um the tariffs on China. China of
course announced some changes
particularly around rare earth. We'll
come on to a second. So the first slide
is just showing the you know I hold all
the cards says Trump. No no no you
don't. The cards are made in China and
that's the point really. You've got the
biggest production engine in the world
in China. Um and the biggest customer in
the US. So this is this is now going to
get very interesting. Now of course
markets reacted dramatically as we'll
touch on a second. Um how real this is
bear in mind they're looking to meet in
a few weeks time probably. Um but this
is a big deal and it shows you I think
that you you know we are living in an
unstable world where the question of
trade and international relationships
and all those things are actually up in
the air. Now kudos to Trump visa v the
Middle East at least for now but this
actually trade story is is going to run
and run. And if you go to the next slide
just to underscore the rare earths is
the cornerstone of the issue and you can
just see in this chart here the
dominance of China in terms of the rare
earths. Rare earths of course are
required to make the internet work and
to make a lot of the AI stuff work and
technology and defense. So China is
holding the cards and um that's really
the the critical point to understand.
And then going to the next slide, people
are saying, well, this could actually um
pop the bubble. Uh, you know, could
shake up a lot of things. And markets of
course reacted at the end of last week
and just quickly to go through the
current state of play. The um S&P 500
recovered somewhat, but it still was
quite a long way down. The VIX is
higher. The volatility index, the fear
gauge is up at 20 now, which is higher
than it's been. The NASDAQ dropped back
a bit as well. In fact, some of the big
stocks dropped quite considerably, but
supported by AI. On the next slide, the
10-year yield has dropped a little bit
down from where it was. So, that's quite
interesting. May suggest lower interest
rates ahead. And um gold futures of
course still higher. Gold is the um
standout. Plus, silver, the next slide.
So, more and more people in I'm sure
you've seen the cues um in Sydney,
people trying to get gold and silver and
trying to find a way. I mean, this is
all sort of quite concerning and um you
know, my my perspective on all this,
Alex, is there are echoes to the 1929
crash here where you've got uh a lot of
um bubbling, a lot of stupidity, a lot
of volatility and instability. And I
think this is the critical point that
people need to understand. We are in
very unstable times visa the markets.
Yeah, I think my a few thoughts I'd add
was the US's economy is becoming more
and more digitized and about
surveillance and military and all this
type of thing and with a population of
you know 350 million people that's just
I think equating to less and less jobs.
So they are going to be hit the hardest
and if they keep wanting those
commodities in particular things that
are hard to get like the rare earths you
touched on then they're not just going
to be able to keep buying it with this
fiat money they're printing out of thin
air while they've got the world reserve
status and I think that's what were the
real big change that can really affect
markets. One of the reasons why gold and
silver have been doing so well and you
know we've been big fans of gold and
silver for a long time. Um, it's great
to see it breaking out to record highs,
but in nominal terms and inflation and
M2 other measures, I think silver could
run further. And we saw the Perth Mint
sold out. China just announced they're
not going to be exporting any silver
because they need it for electronics and
stuff. So, these are just wild, wild
times that people were talking about
years ago that this could happen
someday. And we're kind of on the
precipice of all that now. But I I still
wonder how they're going to play this.
if it's going to be an actual crash or
it's just going to be a crash of the
real economy for the average person
while they're just going to pump, you
know, the numbers on the screen in every
single market continually higher and and
higher. So, it's just a fascinating time
to be alive. Yeah. And if you jump
forward one slide, um the other
interesting observation is the
proportion of people invested in the US
in the equity markets is now at an
all-time high. 52%
of US households. That's remarkable.
And what it means is, of course,
households are now directly exposed to
these markets as well as indirectly
through their um um pensions or or or
savings. And uh I I do think that this
actually has a risk of severe
instability. A lot of people are banking
on the system continuing to support the
growth of these values despite the fact
the ratios are very high. despite the
fact that actually a lot of it's AI
related and um you know the AI story is
being questioned there reports from the
Bank of England even from the Reserve
Bank of New Zealand right the IMF and
other people saying well actually some
of these um these tech stocks look as
though they're probably overvalued and
uh you know they might correct later so
so we are in very bubbly territory and
and the point I would want to make is
that um you can't rely on the central
central bank or the government to solve
this for you. You know, we are in a
situation where ordinary people are
cannon fodder here.
>> And that's the point I want to
underscore. You know, ordinary people
are going to actually find that it's
going to get very nasty. And uh I think
people need to just understand this is a
bubble. The bubble is going to go
nastily for many people, but of course
the few will be able to come out on top
and all the high speculation. And I I
then come to Bitcoin which was of course
the other thing that happened. Bitcoin
dropped dramatically. Well, there were a
few people who made lots of money in
this crash of Bitcoin
>> and uh you are and I both Alex would
probably summize that there were some
very well-informed people quite close to
the White House who's happened to do
rather well.
>> Yeah. I mean is the other issue this
cycle which we've been talking about
with our crypto research is now there's
just thousands and thousands of coins.
the liquidity has already spread pretty
thinly compared to, you know, the
previous cycles. And so when you had
this insider trading, the market makers
pulling their liquidity, these whales
putting on these positions right before
Trump's tweet, it's all just very sus.
And it also relates to that next slide
you showed about US households 52 equity
exposure. If you're the, you know, this
government that wants to launch this
control system and make people
completely dependent on the state, if
you pull the rug out of markets now,
like the stocks or whatever, it's not
the insiders and the CEOs that have been
selling that are going to get hurt. It's
these average people that are going to
have to go into welfare and that type of
thing. So, yeah, it really is dangerous
times. So, guys, yeah, take profits, pay
down debt, have these assets that are
outside the system. um all this sort of
advice we've been talking about for
years, it's never been more important to
actually put into place.
>> Yeah. And I think that issue about
debt's really important because as we'll
see in a second or two, um expectations
of future interest rate movements are
actually changing quite fast now. In
fact, I don't know whether you saw but
Jerome Pal gave a speech at MAB
uh yesterday and in it he was given an
award for something. Um I don't know
quite what but uh I I I mean that
cynically. Um but the fact of the matter
is that he said look it's un uncertain
times. We've got higher inflation than
we expected. We've got um potentially
higher unemployment than we've expected.
We've got some issues of vagory because
of the clo the shutdown in the US and
some of the publicly available data
isn't now available. And so, uh, when
they meet next time, it's going to be
quite interesting to see what they do.
Um, they'll probably waffle around a bit
and do nothing for a little while. Um,
but the fact of the matter is they cut
rates last time. There was a very large
dispersion in terms of the the people
around the table thinking about where
rates may go. Some thinking higher, some
thinking lower. Uh, one one member of
course, the one nominated by Trump, much
lower. So, we are in a situation where
the central bank itself is relatively
ineffective. They also in in his speech
made a specific comment about the um
liquidity pressures and the fact that
the money market's actually at another
pricing and the and the reverse repo
prices are actually up a bit. So that's
very interesting indicator of potential
pressure. And there's a couple of other
sort of angles on this. The first is if
you go to the next slide, you can see
here that we've got a lot of private
equity and private credit slushing
around the place and the credit system
outside the major banks is now becoming
a more and more significant issue and is
now becoming well it's not really
regulated. So this is another black hole
and now people are starting to point to
the private credit markets and the whole
credit question you know is this
sustainable especially if interest rates
don't come down further uh sooner and
then in terms of the data that's
available well there is some data but
it's quite mixed so for example on the
next slide the US private employment
report that came out uh fell so you know
how weak are US uh employment markets uh
what Pal said was that well roughly the
employment demand and supply is moving
in roughly the same amount which means
effectively that what we have is the
unemployment rate roughly staying the
same but the indicators are that there's
a bit of an issue there but on the other
hand just to sort of set that in another
context the stock market cap to M2 in
other words the liquidity ratio is as
high as it's ever been it's higher now
well pretty much where it was docom
bubble time so that you know there are
so many indicator ators and conflicting
indicators and um I don't think the
Federal Reserve in the US has done a
great job. I think central banks are
part of the problem rather than part of
the solution and as we'll see when it
comes to Australia even the central bank
in Australia is also probably
ineffective too. So I mean this is again
coming right back to what you said.
>> I think individuals need to be a little
bit cautious. Don't overlever. Don't
assume interest rates are going to get
cut significantly. Don't assume that
governments are going to intervene and
and you know support and and and help
people. They probably won't. So you need
to actually play your own furrow.
>> Don't assume these people have any way
out of this I think is the other thing
Martin. Yeah.
>> Yes.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I mean, we we are we are in
a one-way spiral and um you know, there
is no way that they're going to reduce
liquidity. Ultimately, liquidity has to
continue to grow because if liquidity
was sucked out of the market, well,
everything would crash. So, that's the
truth. And it doesn't matter whether
it's the Treasury in the US pumping up
liquidity or whether it's the central
bank in the US pumping up liquidity.
Liquidity will continue to grow. Same in
Australia. The um liquidity ratios are
growing there. And of course, the
private banks, well, they're part of the
problem, too, because they are
continuing to create more credit out of
thin air and put that credit into the
system to pump house prices higher. Um,
look at the way that the credit growth
in Australia is double the rate of
inflation. And that's really the point.
So, this this is a one-way liquidity
story until it finally pops. But the
question is, how will it pop? When will
it pop? And what will be the fallout?
Yeah, this next slide touches on what I
was getting at before about just how
digitized the US economy has become.
>> Well, this is a really interesting
point. So, we've got over the last
little while, we've had a huge incentive
announcements from the startup AI
businesses who don't have a lot of
revenue but have a lot of capability
doing deals with a lot of the big tech
firms who have massive amounts of
liquidity and and and you know, and
money to to burn as it were and also
capacity. So basically there's money
going backwards and forwards so that
effectively we have more infrastructure
being invested in and built to support
the AI that is actually still being
developed now this is the biggest Ponzi
scheme that I've seen for a long long
time right and everybody in the Broadcom
was the last one so there was an
announcement over the last 24 hours so
Broadcom's now joining Oracle's joined
in so almost everybody's chucking money
left right and center there's a massive
amount of liquidity and if you try and
draw out the charts Um the next one is
just the um Financial Times attempt to
try and show all of the relationships
and connections. I mean, this is this is
this this has the the sort of the flavor
to me of the global financial crisis in
2008 with all of the banks lending to
each other and, you know, not wanting to
open the packet and see what's inside
and the dotcom bubble in the year 2000,
right? When we had massive amounts of
infrastructure investment in in dark
fiber that never got lit for a long long
time and a lot of telos got into
terrible trouble. There are so many
signs here, so many parallels and of
course everybody is saying, well, it's
not a problem. you know these are these
are entities that will generate huge
amounts of revenue in the future but the
recent reports have suggested that um
well actually the investment in AI isn't
necessarily so far paying back. So a lot
of people are putting a lot of money
into it and not getting a lot out. Now
that may change and I do believe you're
right that this digitalization process
will continue and it's going to
fundamentally change the way the economy
works but there is a lot of risk here
that is not being fully supervised and
in fact with the current administration
in the US of course they want to
encourage it rather than actually
supervise it and at the end of the day
um you know this is bubbling
the US economy is really bubbling
because of this this relationship
between the AI providers and the tech
providers and the fact that these flows
are going backwards and forwards and
backwards and forwards. So, it's a Ponzi
scheme.
>> Well, it's not just that, Martin. When
we look at that chart, I just want to
highlight for people that all these big
tech companies have now become so
centralized and we see, you know, Larry
Ellison of Oracle just coming out and
going, I'm going to buy Tik Tok because
I don't like the sentiment and the
information that is getting out there
from the next generation and we need to
control the narrative. And then you've
got all these, you know, Israeli
intelligence firms and other
intelligence agencies that have got
these private contracts, you know, with
government. It's all just this becoming,
we're one step away from this complete,
you know, new world order AI running
everything that we need to avoid at all
costs. And it's just wild to see that
these things can happen, these chess
moves like that. I'm just going to buy
the most influential platform and take
it over and start to censor things. It's
crazy times.
>> Yeah. And these large corporations of
course which are actually um above
individual countries and uh have their
own internal logic about what they want
to do um are competing with each other
to an extent but actually what they're
doing is uh effectively monetizing
everybody's information. Uh they're
monetizing all of the uh the you know
the stuff in the system as it were. Uh
and copyright is being thrown out the
window and all those things. And at the
end of the day, this is a future where
things like digital ID and all the other
stuff that we talk about, just overlay
that over the top and basically if
you're not in this new high-tech world
and paying your dues to these large
corporations, uh you will be
disenfranchised.
>> Yeah. Okay, moving on. So, to the UK.
>> Yeah. I want to pick up the UK because
the IMF came out with a report and said
that the UK's growth rate will be the
second strongest in Europe over the next
12 months. were sort of saying well it's
not bad but when you look at the data um
the real wages growth in the UK has
evaporated which is quite interesting
you can also see here that the pay is
slowing faster than expected and uh
interestingly public sector wages growth
is a little bit stronger than private
sector wages growth and then on the
other one you can see the very
importantly the jobless rate
particularly for young people is
actually rising now those are very good
analogies for what's happening in
Australia too. The data is yet to sort
of come out in Australia, but I'm seeing
similar things. So, I'm seeing real
wages growth evaporating in Australia.
I'm seeing the public sector wages
growth a little bit stronger, but
private sector wages growth dropping
significantly. And people are now going
backwards again. And very importantly,
the unemployment rate amongst youngsters
in Australia is also rising. So these
are very important indicators to once
again show that the economy is not in
good nick.
>> Yeah. I'll have a bit more of a rant,
Martin, when we get to the Australian
data, but I'll let you talk about this
one here.
>> Yeah. So, uh, now I ran a show the other
day talking about households, how how
real households are coping with the
property pickle despite the hype. Now,
there's a lot of hype going on in
Australia and and elsewhere, but in
Australia. So the Reserve Bank came out
and said, "Well, households are doing
quite well. You know, they're actually
um spending more and uh their incomes
are growing, you know, in in real terms,
etc." Said, "No, no, no, they're not."
And then, of course, we've got the um 5%
deposit for first-time buyers, which
will allow more people to get into the
market, and everyone's talking about
house prices bubbling higher. Well, just
be clear, folks. On a comparable basis,
Australia is leading the pack when it
comes to rises of global house prices
from January 1990. So, the last thing we
want is yet more house price growth. But
guess what? On the next price on the
next slide, according to Tatality, yep,
prices are up. Not uniformly uh to the
same extent, but pretty much everywhere
in the past month, we saw some rises.
Hobart the lowest 0.1, Perth 1.6%,
Darwin 1.7%, Brisbane 1.2%. And um this
is pretty disastrous. Look over the last
12 months, Darwin up 12%. Um we've got
uh Adelaide up 6.2%, Perth 7.5% of the
last 12 months. This is way faster than
income growth. So this is not good. And
if you go to the next slide, it's also
the rental sector which is also being
hit. Guess what? Rental growth is now up
again um rising 4.3% over the year and
very importantly almost all centers are
seeing strong rental growth and by the
way that also means on the next slide if
you look at the gross rental yields
because dwelling values have moved up
more than rental values. Investors are
actually seeing their gross rental yield
over time reducing. And of course, gross
rental yields are only partially the
story. If you look at net yields, which
is what I do, which is the difference
between the rental that you can get and
the costs of the property that you're
actually managing if you're an investor,
um more and more underwater, more than
half are underwater. So, this is another
example of quite a lot of stupidity and
um we're going to see more of this, but
you know, the spruing is at one end of
the spectrum. Reality is somewhere very
different. And I'm afraid that our
politicians and our central bank are
actually part of the spruce.
>> Yeah. And uh here we can see I think
we've shown this one before, but just
these are just crazy numbers. Um Yeah.
>> Yeah. So the average income, you know,
this is one we've uh quite often come
back to. $293,000 in Sydney to get a a
house, right? That's a lot of money.
That means two incomes always now, not
just one. uh almost predominantly and al
across the country housing is
unaffordable and just a couple of other
data points new construction costs
continue to go up um comparing it with
wages growth. So effectively what that
means is that the builds of new property
is continuing to be unaffordable. Uh and
that probably helps to explain the next
slide which is why dwelling completions
continue to fall. So, we are having a
supply issue where there is not enough
property to meet the high demand that
we've got. We've got prices continue to
rise and governments and the central
bank are doing things that effectively
are pushing those home prices even
higher. So, no surprise on the next
slide, look at my stress data. Well,
we've still got half of households with
a mortgage in financial flow pressure
and we've got 74.6% and 6% of renters.
The rental sector is where a lot of the
pressure is. And again, I come back to
this fact. There is not enough focus in
the media in Australia about those in
the rental sector and the pressures that
they're under. They just don't get
enough coverage. Everybody's talking
about the mortgage holder and, you know,
how interest rates are going to come
down and how people can borrow more and
the banks are trying to reduce the um
the buffers so that they can lend even
more. Um the story here is we've got
more than a third of households in the
rental sector of which around 3/4 are
having difficulty making those rental
payments. This is a national disaster
and these are just stunning figures when
we talk about co being an important you
know piece for them to start pushing the
great reset and all this type of thing.
just how we went from um you know around
20% there in 2017 even here not too bad
just before co these are staggering
figures the amount of people that are
under rental and and mortgage stress but
uh I wonder other thing we've seen is
the report out of Victoria nine out of
10 jobs are now you know public sector
government jobs so does this matter if
everyone's on welfare or on the
government payroll we know that
taxpayers mathematically can't fit this
for this bill. So, I just wonder how
this all um plays out. Um yeah, it's
just insane. But the government can't
just keep paying for everything forever.
The Australian dollar would be
ultimately be the one to suffer. And and
the thing that gets me is Aussies have
just had it so good for so long, we
avoided the JFC. People just don't have
this mindset that anything bad could
ever happen. and you look at the streets
of these American cities or um Greece um
even countries that had plenty of
resources that went into hyperinflation
have just seen this civil unrest and
crime and that degrading in that fabric
of society and I've been talking about
Melbourne's definitely going to be the
first one to go and all those signs are
there and picking up um it's just crazy
to watch this unfold in slow motion as a
deliberate plan by those in charge and I
think that's what people are clueing
into now that no one sits around and
thinks oh this is a good idea here to
import this many people while there's
this housing crisis or it's just crazy
watching them deliberately destroy this
country.
>> Yeah. And I think that point is right.
Deliberate is an intentional thing and
it's because they're measuring success
through the lens of a GDP topline number
per capita which of course has been
going backwards but the total volume of
transactions through the economy as it
were but that doesn't necessarily do
well for ordinary people and you're dead
right. So, compared with pre-COVID,
we're in a whole new whole new world.
The government debt is continuing to
rise. Um, the cost of debt continuing to
rise, too. The tax take is higher than
it's ever been and will continue to
rise. And all of those factors mean that
ordinary people are finding it harder
and harder. And and that's why I I sort
of wanted to to press in on talk about
real households and what their
experiences, not what the top down
economists are saying is going on
because the top down economists have no
idea,
>> right? They are relying on outof-date
data from Hilda which is two or three
years old. They're relying on partial
information from mortgage back security
pools which is a very handpicked
selection of mortgages. This is very
different from the real world of of many
households. And yet when I talk to
people um you know they're really quite
desperate now to try and work out how to
solve this for themselves because they
begin to realize that the government's
not going to solve it. They're just
going to pump pump this more and more
and more. And if you want to example of
the pump, go to the next slide. So this
is of course the um uh 5% deposit scheme
for firsttime buyers. This is the new
thing that came in one October. Well,
guess what? The RBA says that this is
going to push prices higher. Now
Treasury said 0.6% over six years or
something very small amount. But um
there are a lot of people who are
suggesting that over the first 12 months
this could put prices up 5 to 10% in
that sector of the market which I think
is very important. And there's lots of
articles of course spruing this and
saying, you know, bye-bye. You know, a
lot of first-time buyers trying to
actually be encouraged to go into the
market just to to on the next slide. Be
careful though, of course, because
there's still a serviceability question
here. So, you may actually be able to
borrow with a 5% deposit. Now, if you're
a first-time buyer and meet the
criteria, but you still have to be able
to afford to repay the 95% mortgage. And
that means that the payments each month
will be more because of course it's a
bigger it's a bigger loan. And just bear
in mind that the banks to some extent
are still recording these as higher risk
mortgages which means that the interest
rate you may be able to get is often
higher than if you've got a bigger
deposit. And that's the other part of
the story that people aren't being told.
And if if prices do adjust down for any
reason then of course you lose that 5%
very quickly and easily. There's a real
big Ponzi angle here, too. The
government is pumping, pumping, pumping,
trying to keep the housing market
bubbling higher and higher and higher.
They gave a commitment before the
election that prices will continue to
rise. Remember that? Well, guess what?
They are. But this is not good for
Australia and it's not good for
Australians. And just like we spoke
about with the stock market in the US
with average households exposure to
equities, if they're going to pull the
rug and there is another financial crash
coming, you know, all these people that
are rushing in to get this 5% scheme, as
you say, I haven't heard much rhetoric
around what is going to happen if
there's a 5 to 10% correction, which is
completely normal.
>> What are they going to do? Are all these
people again going to be dependent on
the on the government for welfare then?
>> Well, of course they will. And by the
way, the taxpayer will be on the hook
for the the gap, right? If in fact
things go wrong. That's another point.
So more and more of the economy is being
supported by taxpayers. A greater share
of the overall economy is thanks to the
tax take from households, not
corporates. Corporates are actually
still skinny down their their their tax
contributions. It's actually households.
And yeah, we are in a quasi UBI
government pay, government control
world. um despite the fact that you know
no one wants to admit it and if
governments turn off the tap of their
investment into the public sector um the
economy will crash. So they've got to
keep this thing going. They've got to
keep the uh the property Ponzi going.
All of those things. There's no way to
solve this other than to keep the can
kicking it down the road, keeping the
balls in the air and hoping that you
know it's not going to go wrong on my
watch. That's what we've got.
Okay, next up, consumer confidence.
Yeah, and I want to highlight consumer
confidence is now slumped. It's 12
months lower. This is according to the
latest Azero Roy Morgan. And uh people
are beginning to see through this.
That's my point. People are beginning to
wake up to the fact that things are not
right. And so there is perhaps there
greater uneasiness about their personal
situation. Uh there's more concern about
um the reaction to the fact that rates
may not come down. And we'll come on to
that in a second. And all of those
things now are really bubbling up to the
surface. I see this in in my surveys,
too. Oh, and by the way, um the RBA on
the next slide went on to say, "Don't
blame us for the house prices growth.
It's nothing to do with us." Um you
know, it's nothing to do with um uh
anything that we've done. Uh uh refusing
to comment on whether changes to capital
gains tax concessions would reduce
housing demand. And as I said, prices
are higher. Uh the RBA is is washing
their hands with this. Nothing to do
with us. No, they're part of the
problem. They created this as part of
their their um um story from 2008 and
and through COVID, but no, no, the RBA
says nothing to do with us. Um shame on
them.
>> Yeah. Just like they said printing
trillions during CO and handing out
wouldn't cause inflation. Just you got
to do the opposite to what these people
say.
>> Now, I made a show with um John Wright
who's an associate professor and you
should if you haven't seen it, it's
worth watching. He actually pulls apart
this whole property is issue and he he
highlights that actually the property
market is effectively a real estate
carry trade which basically is a you
know a way of you you get over here and
you take it over there and then you do
something different with it right and
he's basically saying the investment
markets and the way this is set up in
Australia almost unique with the CGT
benefits and the capital you know
capital gains and everything else and
the other tax breaks um and he basically
says this is going to go on and on and
on until ultimately it will fold in on
itself. And he actually used the analogy
of the real estate industry is is
effectively it's the death star, right?
Yeah. But then he actually makes some
suggestions about what we can do to
actually begin to um to un unpick it.
But you know, if you want a provocative
and thoughtful piece on what's really
going on with property, um I do
recommend the John Wright um show which
was published over the weekend. It's got
a very good run.
>> Yeah. And it's not like people like
yourself haven't been warning about this
for years, Martin. And you know, they've
pulled every lever, including we we said
the last one was going to be
immigration. Um, and and here we are.
But nobody want to hear it because
everyone in Australia loves property and
they want their house price to go up,
but the p there's always a price to pay
and now it's societal collapse.
>> Absolutely. This is unfortunately now
getting, you know, quite serious. And by
the way, just on the migration you
mentioned, uh, the latest data came out.
Now, this is the net permanent and
long-term arrivals data. It's not the
migration data. To be clear, the ABS
wants to distin make a distinction
between the two. But as um as Tar here
shows for the year to August net
long-term and permanent arrivals into
Australia, we're at the highest level
ever. Now, that's just worth thinking
about right now. We'll get some
migration data eventually which will be
sort of sanitized and what have you, but
that's not good. Now, interestingly, in
New Zealand, where migration was high
and then they dialed it back, guess
what? The Kiwis got a 0.5% rate cut over
the last week and the economy is
stalling there. Home prices are falling
in New Zealand. And so, if you take a
migration away, guess what happens? The
economy begins to actually change and
housing begins to drop and make it a
little more affordable to get into the
New Zealand housing market. And by the
way, rents in New Zealand on the next
slide are also down. So if you don't
believe there's a connection between
migration and high migration and home
prices, just look at New Zealand or look
at Canada because in both situations
where they dial back migration, uh
things changed, prices started to fall
and rent started to fall. So there is a
very strong um observational connection
between the two and it's it's logical if
you think about supply and demand. Um so
it is worth just understanding the high
migration strategy that this government
and the previous government ran is
deliberate strategy but it's not
actually getting us to a good place and
unfortunately it's putting more pressure
on infrastructure more pressure on
housing more pressures on rents.
>> Yeah.
>> And yet we should be having a really
hard conversation about this but neither
side of politics really wants to tackle
it. Well, the thing that stands out with
to hear to me, Martin, is Wellington,
you know, the these cities that have
dropped the most and then areas like uh
Atago, that's how you pronounce it,
these more rural areas where people are
choosing that lifestyle of getting out
of cities and going somewhere more
rural. So, I think that's a trend we're
going to see massively in Australia,
people leaving Melbourne.
>> Yeah. Well, I think we're already seeing
Melbourne is a, as you said, a basket
case and more people are still trying to
sell and get out. property investors in
particular trying to get out and they
are actually looking to try and sell to
those first-time buyers who might be
interested in buying some of those
properties with that 5% deposit so they
can get out right it's a very very
important point now the Reserve Bank uh
minutes came out uh this is from the
meeting of the 29th 30th I just want to
highlight a couple of things they're
saying well there's nothing to see here
in terms of high loan to value loan it's
not not really a problem and they talked
about appa and appa doing things
remember that um the banks are trying
persuade APPPA to reduce the buffer that
lending buffer so they can lend more. Um
I got a strong read from these minutes
that that's unlikely to happen because
the Reserve Bank is watching this and
they warned specifically about the risk
to the housing market and they also made
an interesting point about some of their
modeling is rather imprecise and are not
sure about what the neutral rate is. So
um you know I don't think the RBA's
modeling and predictions and
expectations are that great. But if you
go to the next slide, what you can see
here is that um now people are saying
possibly no interest rate cuts for
upward of nine months according to NAB.
And that's really quite fascinating. And
uh the uh question will be well will the
labor market really weaken or won't it?
And if the labor market doesn't really
weaken and just muddles along sideways
and we have stronger inflation, which is
what we've now got in Australia,
inflation's going up, not down, the
likelihood is rates will stay higher
than people were expecting. They won't
come down any further. That's going to
put more pressure on households. It's
also meaning that those people with that
5% deposit hook. They've got to think
about what happens if rates don't get
cut any further. And uh that's a big
deal.
>> Yeah, that's probably one scenario we
haven't explored. I hate we might do in
a future episode or our um you know
predictions for the next year video at
the end of the year is uh if inflation
just gets completely out of hand with
this everything bubble particularly in
Aussie dollar terms if it's losing its
purchasing power versus the US dollar um
you know what are these people going to
do if we would have anything like the
'9s to interest rates to get up towards
say 10% or something like that where
they had to get inflation under control
that's something we should explore more
in future too.
>> Yeah good point. Yeah. And and remember
that the long-term median interest rate
about 7 something%, right? That's that's
if you go back a 100 years or so, that's
7 7%. So, we are still in low territory
relative to history. So, it's worth
bearing in mind. Now, as we come to the
end of the show, just a couple of little
t takeouts here. The big one, of course,
this week was Charmer's backpedaling on
the superanuation uh thing. This this
was pretty amazing. Of course, there was
a lot of push back to the idea of taxing
unrealized gains within superanuation.
And I always said, well, if they get it
in for superanuation, then they'll
spread it to property and other asset
classes, too. So, I'm pleased to
announce that um you know, they they
backpedal. Charmer has had to stand up
and and say, "Oh, we've rethought about
it." Whilst Albo was away on holiday,
which I thought the timing was quite
interesting. Right. And on the ne on the
next slide you can see here um this is
from um Phil Curry who said that um he
thinks the PM's paw prints are all over
the super backdown and um essentially
charas was um forced to backpedal and
there's this one from um uh the AFR
showing what's happened to your pants
Jim they've been indexed right so now
we've got indexing on the three three
million superanuation balances another
higher level at 10 million with a higher
um tax take as well, but also some
messing around at the lower end, which
is right for some of those young young
people and low-inccome owners who
actually were being taxed much higher.
But the fundamental principle of the
issue of taxing
unrealized gains off the table, which is
a good piece of news.
>> Yeah, you want to touch on these um the
last couple as well with the super tax
flip.
>> Well, that's the point. So now of course
the question is will it actually um go
up? Will the Greens push back on it? So
we'll watch that. That's going to be the
continued um balance going forward. But
I think it's important on the very last
slide just to leave you with a thought.
Country could shut down. Australia has
just 28 days of petrol. Another disaster
looming. We don't do much at home now
with it comes to um refining. We are
completely exposed now to what happens
internationally and in the current
environment with all this international
uncertainty, the trade tariffs and
everything else and all of that global
stuff going on. This is not good for
Australia either. So wherever you look,
there are issues, right? And um folks um
you know, prepare for a bumpy ride as we
come into 2026.
>> Yeah. And even on that resource um
dwindling uh you know we're not making
any friends by being the p first ones to
push digital ID the hardest and Trump
saying I don't like that or you know who
knows what Russia and China are going to
turn around and do and go you know what
Australia all of a sudden is that person
that no one wants to deal with and we're
selling all our resources are foreign
owned you know imagine this situation
where we can't get petrol or gas but
we've got plenty of it just because of
how sold out the country's become. It's
just wild.
>> Yeah. Yeah. wild, poorly governed, and
unfortunately the politicians don't seem
to care.
>> Well guys, the links to Martin's channel
uh to watch those videos he mentioned
and all his content down below and all
my socials and our research and that
down below as well. Martin, thank you
and we'll chat again next month.
>> Look forward to it. Take care.
>> Cheers, guys.