The final WNBA playoff ratings are in.
And I got to tell you, I don't think
they make for very polarizing takes. The
numbers for the playoffs overall up
year-over-year, which is the trend for
the WNBA, that is impressive. But the
margin from which they were up over last
year shrunk a bit at the very end
because the finals ratings went down as
the games went along. Of course, the
series got out of, you know, being
competitive, which is always going to
hurt numbers, and therefore the finals
were actually slightly down from last
year. So, overall, the trends are up,
but the explosive growth, you know, that
wasn't quite in in your face at the end
of the day or at least at the end of the
season where the the finals tapered off
uh as the series went along. So, that
was what was released by ESPN. Here's
the actual numbers for you. This is the
PR statement, of course, always spun as
positively as possible. Most watched
WNBA postseason ever on ESPN networks
across 24 games. The 25 WNBA postseason
average 1.2 million viewers, up 5%
yearoveryear.
25 WNBA Finals average 1.5 million
viewers. Second most watched on ESPN,
only behind 2024. It was trending above
2024 uh until the the last few games.
Well, the the first game is what really
put it up there. The first game had a
big number and then after that it it
trended downwards. The most watched WNBA
Finals game one in 28 years, like I was
mentioning, 1.9 million viewers. So, I
mean, a good story. There's no question.
There's no question. Of course, you
know, the numbers would have been higher
if the Fever had made the the finals.
The numbers would have been higher if
Caitlyn Clark were in the playoffs. I
mean, you see that uh average of 1.2
million viewers for the playoffs. the
Fever game against Brazil for comparison
in the preseason did 1.3 million
viewers. So a preseason game, you know,
that that just goes to show you the
impact that that could have. But as I've
always said, these things happen in
conjunction, right? Like the growth has
happened in conjunction with Caitlyn
Clark and you don't want it to be solely
dependent on her in perpetuity. And
clearly the growth has been steady and
the trends continue to go up. Now, you
look at the the WNBA Finals numbers and
the the trends. Unfortunately,
I mean, I don't know how unfortunate it
really is. It's not that big a deal, but
you you you see year like it was sort of
I mean, let's just say floundering for
for several years before finally seeing
that that tick up in 2023 and then it
just like a massive jump from a pretty
good jump from 2022 to 2023, but
obviously a massive jump in 2024.
Huge. We all know what happened last
year and then ever so slight dip this
year. And and I think you you sign up
for that dip. Um you know, I know
there's new methodology and new counting
numbers which are supposed to be good
for about 5 to 10%. So you you factor
all that in. That's all part of the
context, but I think you sign up for
that dip given the the teams involved in
the finals and given the way that the
series went because let's be real. I
mean that that's across sports. That's
not specific to the WNBA. If the games
aren't competitive and the series is out
of hand, what's the the reason to
continue to tune in? You know, that
series when Asia Wilson hit that shot in
game three, that series was over. It was
really over after game one when Alyssa
Thomas didn't make those uh free throws.
But that, you know, doesn't allow that
upward trend to continue to the very
end. And that's the the actual numbers.
No bias, no no agenda mixed in there.
People will try to manipulate it any
which way. You know, people were calling
conspiracy because of the new counting
methods. That's across the board.
They've updated that for Neielson,
period. It's not a WNBA thing. And it
should help live sports, which is a good
thing going forward if it, you know, the
estimate was what it would be worth like
5 to 10%. So, all in all, could you
argue the the final Well, the finals
were down last year. Uh, could you argue
maybe it would have been a little bit
less than than it was? Sure. But overall
the the numbers for the playoffs, even
if you're calling a boost, would be
break even using that estimate from last
season and last season was the explosive
huge growth rating. Remember, for some
of these other numbers, they removing
last season and acting like it didn't
exist. The best since whatever excluding
2024. So, uh, all in all, I I think it's
a a good story and obviously more
importance for the the CBA negotiations.
The media rights deal is already done,
but I knew there was a lot of of
interest around the the ratings. So, I I
thought I would uh present the the final
reveal. Of course, it stands to reason
when the numbers are revealed next year,
they could be even higher, significantly
higher, in fact. I mean, look, uh, the
the single biggest variable is is Clark,
and if she is healthy, then the the
numbers are guaranteed to go way up. You
know, the the last uh Fever and Sun, the
last playoff game for for the Fever last
year against the Sun, 2.5 million
viewers. That's significantly higher
than any of those WMA Finals games. the
even you know hospital fever against the
aces game five was 1.8 8 million
viewers. Compare that to 1.9 of of game
one of the finals. It was almost there
and it was higher than every other
Finals game. You know, the game five of
the Aces and Fever outrated every other
Finals game but game one. So, with
Clark, there's this wave that comes
along with that. And imagine if Clark
and the Fever were to make the finals. I
mean, you're talking about eyepopping
numbers um that they have never even
approached consistently, at least since
the turn of the century. And that that
would be massive. But even without
there's a residual interest the the
further along she plays because when it
was announced she was out for a period
of time early in the season with an
injury, the ratings took a big dip and
when it was announced she was out for
the season, there was an interest dip.
But so many of the the Caitlyn Clark
fans also latched on to the Indiana
Fever, followed that team, rooted for
that team, which helped that boost. And
of course, so many of the new fans that
that came in last year wound uh wound up
following the rest of the league, being
interested in the in the rest of the
league, and and that's helped with the
the steady growth overall. And when your
job is to create a press release, you
want to paint the the best story
possible. And it ain't hard, right?
Like, you know, the brush strokes go
pretty easy when the number you get to
put out is best ever. And that's what
ESPN got to put out for the for the
playoffs. Best numbers ever. Not a not a
a hard picture to paint. I think the one
caveat is they probably wished it didn't
come with that little dip at the end so
that they they could attach the the same
spin to the not even spin the same facts
to the finals that that um were true for
game one. And then even through game two
and three, it was still higher than last
year. So game four obviously is the one
that brought it down um below last year
and and games two and and three were
actually below last year too but pulled
up by game one. Regardless the numbers,
you know, are influenced by how
competitive the series is. They're
influenced by the stars. They're
influenced by the market. Last year it
went to game five in overtime very
controversially. This year not nearly as
competitive. Um, but nonetheless, steady
growth for for the WNBA and and perhaps
uh explosive growth still to come.