Hey, the average pro on TV has a
distance secret. And this enables them
to hit the ball really far without
looking or feeling like they're using
that much effort. And because of this
secret, they also have extra distance on
command. Meanwhile, the average golfer
just seems to flail at it. And the more
effort they try to use, it almost seems
like the shorter the ball goes. So, what
gives? So, this is an age-old mystery.
And of course, it leaves you hitting
drives that are just much shorter than
you'd like. And what's interesting is
that the more distance a pro wants to
get out of a drive and the more distance
an amateur wants to get out of their
drive, it makes their swings actually
go even into a greater divide in how
they do it. So, the key is how the
professional golfer uses the ground
while they swing. And when they want to
go for more distance, they simply use
the ground more forcefully and
efficiently. And this gets them more
club head speed and gets them down the
fairway even farther almost seemingly on
command. And here in lies the biggest
difference between the pro and amateur
swings. A an amateur when they want to
get the ball out there further, the hole
is long and they're trying to get more
distance. Well, what they tend to do is
use the ground even more poorly as they
try to muscle up on it with the arm. So,
I could take a very effortful swing, not
use the ground very well, and really try
to squeeze it tight, get very tense from
the shoulders down to the fingertips,
and try to brute force this thing
through with my arms.
Something like that. So, that's more
effort than I normally use on a drive
that goes 300 yards. And in this case, I
only got uh 88 m an hour to go only 209
yards. So, the ball flight was poor. The
speed was subpar. And of course, what is
that going to make me do? If I want more
distance, it's going to make me pursue
the same avenue even deeper and deeper.
It's like, I guess I didn't swing hard
enough. I didn't use enough effort. And
so, the next time, if I go 210 that time
and I want to get to 225, it means I
need to double up on the amount of
effort that I'm going to need.
Meanwhile, a pro is going to be doing
completely the opposite. So, a pro with
a really good swing, and this goes all
the way back to the days of Hogan and
Sneed. And you can just see the way that
they waggle the club
so loosely like this that they are
ridding themselves of tension. What I
like to do is when I want to go for a
longer hit, I try to loosen up even
more. I want to get rid of even more
tension at a dress. I want to be so
loose from the shoulders down to the
fingertips. My arms just feel like two
strands of spaghetti just hanging from
my shoulders. Everything feels just
incredibly loose because I want to be
quick and I want to use the ground
efficiently and forcefully. That's how
I'm going to get my power. So when Rory
steps into a 350 or 360 yard drive, he's
concentrating on applying more force
into the ground to help his body move
faster. So you put force down into the
ground. In order to generate a lot of
power, of course, you've got to apply
force downwards, which would spring your
body upwards. You've got to produce
force in this direction, which claws
your body target or laterally. And then
of course you've got to produce a
twisting force. Like if I was going to
try to twist this mat around in a
counterclockwise manner, well that would
cause my bo my body to rotate. So we get
all three of those things together.
That's what a a powerful tour pro is
trying to maximize when they're trying
to hit the ball for distance. This is
why they tend to look effortless still
because from the fingertips up to the
shoulders, it still is looks pretty
soft, pretty passive looking, very
relaxed looking, and yet the club whips
through at a very high rate of speed.
Look at some LPGA players. For example,
here's Jessica Corda. I mean, she's not
a slouch when it comes to hitting a long
way. She hits the ball farther than what
95% of amateur men. You know, she's
going to hit it out there 280, 290 on a
good drive, but yet she looked like
she's so slow and so smooth. Well,
that's what she's doing is she's
creating this multiplier, this base that
you're going to multiply with your
hands. That is by using the ground
efficiently and creating a very high
moment of force or peak force. So, let's
talk about some of the body positions or
the movements that we've got to make
which actually are resultant from the
ground forces. But if you concentrate on
making these body movements, you're
going to create a better ground force
profile, more efficient, more effective,
uh, higher. So, at the top of the swing,
if you can
straighten the right knee and you can
bend the left knee, this is going to
cause the right side of the body to get
taller. It almost feels like you without
standing up, it almost feels like your
center of mass is raising up away from
the ground. Almost like if you were
going to jump and stomp down like that.
It feels like you're going to create a
lot more downwards force into the ground
doing it this way. Okay. So, we try to
feel like the hips, right hip gets very
high and tall. Right leg is straight.
Everything feels kind of tall on this
side, caved in on this side. And then
we're going to crash down. So, this
first move down like we see Rory making
here and other great golfers that hit
the ball so far, they crash down into
the ground
by now stepping down on the heel
forcefully. Remember the Nicholas stomp?
Step down forcefully
and you'll find yourself suddenly in
this kind of double flex knee position
for a split second. Now, you can't
really consciously think about this.
It's too fast. What you're really doing
is you're in the middle of a knee switch
and a hip switch. So, as you're moving
down into the from the right foot into
the left foot, you step down and you
feel like you start to get heavy, like
if you were trying to make an analog
scale spin, like drop down and make it
spin over 300 lb. Step down, get heavy,
and then we keep going laterally so the
pelvis is more centered over the left
foot. And we're going to straighten the
left leg up into extension like this
while the right knee continues to flex
through. So in this way, if we make the
center of mass kind of swing in an arc,
so it goes down and then up as it's
moving towards the target. If you can
get your pelvis to swing in a kind of a
pendulum like that, then you're covering
two of the three forces into the ground
highly effectively with just this move.
So again, it's straight right leg, bring
the left knee bent,
stomp down onto the heel almost like
you're going to boom,
stomp, rear end still behind you, and
then straighten that leg up in a hurry.
Now, what's interesting is that the
quicker you can do this, so don't think
about brute force, but think about
supple quickness instead. You start to
snap this thing. How are you going to do
this quicker and quicker? just through
practicing and becoming more coordinated
at doing it. That's where 90% of speed
gains come from is learning how to do
things efficiently and then do them
quicker, quicker, quicker. So, it's
something like this. Get the right leg
up and bam
and bam. Just like that. And I'll keep
going quicker, quicker, quicker until
you almost can't see what my hips are
doing. That's what the longest hitters
do. their hips are moving in this
pattern just blindingly fast. So when I
want to go for 10 more yards, 15 more
yards, let's say I'm on a par five or
something and I need that extra distance
to score, I am going to get looser. My
whole attitude walking up to the ball is
I'm really going to shake out even more
tension than usual because I know what
I'm trying to do is bam, step in and
shift over quicker quicker. So, let's
take a look at how I might pick up 10
yards while looking relatively soft with
the arms and hands.
And that's out there pretty good. So,
when we look back at that one in
slow-mo, you can see that my left heel
gets unweighted as my knee comes towards
the center. This is what I really
recommend everybody do because the more
you can unweight this foot
by by both rolling the foot inwards a
little bit and lifting the heel. It
doesn't have to be like a like a Bobby
Jones style lift necessarily unless
you're really looking for that kind of
distance, but just a little bit will do
like a a Nicholas position or a little
bit less. That'll do just fine because
the more you can unweight that thing and
load up the weight on the right foot,
the more that you can crash down and
over more effectively. You just get a
higher burst peak force of of ground
forces in the middle of that down swing.
That's hammered.
So most golfers need to exchange their
power source where it feels like their
effort is going in. You want the effort
to be by efficiently and powerfully
using the ground which will make the
ankles, the knees, the hips. Every time
a body part moves, there's ground
forces. Even if I just raise my arm up,
you do that on a force plate that
measures your ground forces. You'll see
that there's a change in the in the
forces in the ground just to keep my
body in balance. See, I'm I'm throwing
myself out of equilibrium by doing this.
And there'll be an equal ground force
reaction through your feet, even though
it's very, very minor. So, the two
drills you want to be doing are kind of
the shakeout drill where you're just
kind of shaking out the tension
and gripping the club very, very softly.
Try to get rid of 80 or 90% of that grip
pressure. You want the club to be moving
back and forth almost like you're going
to throw it out of your hands. It's so
light. And then practice making your
pivot first correctly. Right leg
straight. Right hip gets high.
Then plant
over onto the left heel.
Step all the way over outside the left
foot.
Claw your way over and start to rotate.
The force gets really high downwards
when you start to straighten up out of
it. When you start to get tall out of
this low position,
that is when the scale, if it was an
analog scale, would really go nuts. All
right. So, I want you to work on
exchanging your power source, getting
rid of the tension in the upper body,
and start to put the effort and the
quickness into the lower body and the
way that you're shifting your weight and
pivoting with your hips, knees, and
ankles. I think you're going to get a
lot better results for a lot less
effort. Hey, thanks so much for watching
all the way to the end. If you got some
value out of this video, I'd love to
have you hit the like button. Go ahead
and hit the subscribe button, too, if
you haven't already. Check out my
website, hititlonger.com.
Email me if you want any personalized
coaching. And if I don't see you in the
next video, I hope I see you longer and
straighter down the center. Everybody
take good care.