Hey everyone and welcome back to another
video for today. So in today's video,
let's talk about three stocks, beaten
down stocks, cheap stocks as well that
are worth buying for those interested in
these types of names. I'll also putting
a bonus speak, one that did drop
yesterday, that's Axon. Why that
happened? Well, spoiler alert, I don't
know. There is no specific reason why it
happened, but we're going to talk about
Axon a little bit. And then the three
others are Weeble, SPGI, and Furf. If
you're interested in hearing more, sit
back, relax, hit all the buttons. Would
really appreciate that. If you want to
support me even further, do check out
the link down in the description and the
pin comment to the top 10 best stocks to
buy now or go to full.com/cotinvestor.
Thank you very much. And also a special
thanks to fiscal.ai for sponsoring this
video. If you use my link in the
description and in the pin comment,
you'll get 15% off and new users will
get fiscal pro for free for the next 2
weeks. Now, of course, I appreciate
everyone that has been using the link
fiscal.ai. PR thinking chat is basically
the platform that you're seeing here on
the screen. Something that I've shown
you time and time again. You get all the
metrics that you need to look at when
you study a company. You get all of the
transcript as well. And now that earning
season is starting, it's quite a useful
tool to use. So without further ado,
let's start here with Axon. Axon on
Thursday is back up 1.9%. Axon over the
last 5 years has seen its stock go up by
500%. Year to date stock is only up
10.1%. We have seen the stock now go
down to around 24.6% draw down from its
recent peak. The biggest draw down was
of course back in April down 30%. Now
Axon is a company worth 56 billion. It's
a great company. It's a company that has
grown very fast previously. It's a
company that's still expected to grow
pretty fast in the upcoming fiscal
years. The only problem here is of
course the price. the price that you're
paying for it. It has always traded at a
very very big premium trading PE 176
times forward 107 times. So yes, it is
not a cheap one. Even with the recent
dip or crash or whatever you want to
call it, it is still an expensive stock.
It's one of those stocks that I've put
on the watch list a while ago and said,
"Look, if this one really crashes, then
I do think it's worth picking up."
Yesterday it did go down. I didn't see
any specific reason why it went down so
much yesterday. It's still an amazing
company. Gross profit margin have been
above 60%. Free cash flow margin have
fluctuated a little bit. They've also
been acquiring some companies here and
there, but over all I mean revenue over
the past 10 years has grown at a
compound annual growth rate of 30%.
If you look at operating margin here,
again, this is of course an issue when
you're paying such a high premium for
the stock. Operating margin so far is
well very close to being break even or
well going back to being break even.
That is the company does generate
revenue from two segments. The product
revenue and the services revenue as you
can see the product revenue which is the
blue bar right here is well a bit more
dominant. So let's call it 6040%
split. If we look here at the net
retention rate I mean this is an amazing
amazing chart right here. Of course
powered by fiscal.ai AI last quarter
124% previously 123 1221
and then of course back in 2021 119%.
This is very very impressive. What we've
seen from other companies in the SAS
business or AI business is that yeah
previously back in 2021 2022 we're at
130% 120 and over the last couple of
years it has gone down to around 100
110% or so. Here we're seeing the exact
opposite. It has actually increased over
the last couple of years. Lastly, if we
look at the SAS annual recurring
revenue, still growing very very
rapidly. Last quarter that did grow by
39.2%.
Axon very good company but also very
expensive. Right now, as you can see,
the stock is under the 200 day moving
average. It's a bit in no man's land.
And yesterday, the stock was actually
oversold a little bit. We don't really
get to buy Axon at a cheap multiple. I
don't think the I client remember the
last time we've actually seen Axon trade
at a cheap multiple. What we did see
over the last couple of years here is
that yeah, every time it touches or just
goes under the 200 day moving average,
it has been a buying opportunity. I'm
not buying. It's on the watch list. I'm
not willing to pay such a high premium
for that great company though. Moving on
to the next companies. One is of course
where all three are in the financial
sector. The first one here is Weeble.
It's the smallest of the bunch. $6.3
billion in market cap over the past 3
months. Stock is now down 8.8%. It's a
pretty volatile one. We went back up,
down, up, down. We in my opinion a
misunderstood stock. Although the
expectations were a bit too high. People
were looking at it, oh market cap 6.3
billion. Look at Robin Hood. It's much
much bigger. Weeble could be the next
Robin Hood. While Weeble could
experience a rerating in the next
quarter or two because as you will see
performance-wise,
performance-wise it has been good. It
has maybe not been a blowout quarter as
people were expecting, but it was a good
quarter. Revenue up 46%. Adjusted
expenses up only 20%. They achieved
three consecutive quarters of operating
profitability. You see consumer assets
up 64% year-over-year. net deposits up
37% yearover-year to just yeah 1.4
billion. So of course the difference
here in size is quite immense when you
compare this one to a Robin Hoods. But
all in all in all this is a company that
again is performing very well. It's a
company that's growing. I mean it's
growing faster than adjusted operating
expenses is growing. Road map looks also
pretty good. They're re-entering crypto.
They're expanding in Europe. They're
expanding in Latin America as well. I
would say that the only let's say issue
or things that I would like to see
improve is this, right? Registered users
are up 18% year-over-year, but funded
accounts is only up 9% year-over-year
and quarterly retention, yes, has been
around the same number, although it did
come down a little bit. You would like
to see registered users being converted
more and more into funded account. You
can register to Weeble for free, use it
for screeners, watch list, you name it.
But as an investor, you would like to
see registered users become well
monetizable users. That is now like I
said, this is a business that is doing
everything that it should be doing.
Could it maybe grow faster? Yes, maybe
it could. But the things that they can
control, they are doing what they should
be doing. I've also spoken with some
people that use Weeble as a platform.
Most of the people I speak with actually
like it. They like it very much. So
that's always a good thing to hear. Now
stock-wise, I believe it's just a matter
of time until we see this move because
if we look at the expected growth rate,
still expected to grow above 30% for the
upcoming fiscal years. It's also
expected to become more and more
profitable. So yeah, good to know. As
one, the standby equity agreement with
Yorkville was the red flag thing that
happened, right? It's a billion dollars
or so. It's a red flag. competition,
right, of Robin Hood and every other
brokerage out there. Something you have
to consider the Chinese ties also
something now, especially with the US
China trade war going on. Maybe this is
still being viewed as a Chinese company.
Yes, it has ties to China like we've
covered this a couple of months ago.
This is one of the things that you have
to know when you invest in Weeble. And
of course, more recently, lock up period
did expire and apparently 3 million
shares were traded at a discount. one
huge block got dumped. So now that the
lockout period has expired, maybe the
stock will try to find a base and then
work its way up from here. I don't own
the stock. I've been following the stock
more and more in the last couple of
months. It is very interesting. I'm not
planning on opening up a position. Yes,
I do this video to review companies that
a lot of you have asked for or that I
just think are worthy of covering. We
here again at $112 or so under7 billion
in market cap is yes in my opinion very
expensive because if they can continue
to grow and grow in a more profitable
way I think it's just a matter of time
until it gets a rer rating. Moving on to
the next one and that's S&P Global. It's
a company worth around $147 billion year
to date. The draw down right now is
around 15.4% so not such a big deal.
Yes, it is down 3.7% this year. So, it
is underperforming and it's also
underperforming over the past 12 months.
Over the last three years, it's up
60.5%.
PE-wise, 37 times forward 26.4 times.
Margin-wise, of course, one of the best
out there. It's still expected to grow
in the upcoming fiscal years, although
not double digits revenue growth. EPS is
expected to grow 10.8%
forward two years that is. So yes, it is
cheap. It is a very profitable company.
So what exactly has happened more
recently? Well, first up, of course,
over the last couple of years, this has
grown at a compound annual growth rate
of around 10.4%. We've seen a huge jump
here back in 2022. There was also an
acquisition. Then if you look at free
cash flow, free cash flow is expected to
grow steadily in fiscal 26 and fiscal 27
around 11% or so. Then looking at how
the company generates its revenue, we've
got market intelligence, ratings,
revenue, commodity insights, mobility
revenue, and then indices right here.
The majority, well, the majority, the
larger parts are rating and market
intelligence. On market intelligence,
they did make an announcement I believe
yesterday acquired the company. Now, if
we go and look at our favorite analyst,
Amir Typef Capital, link is down in the
description to his Substacks. If we look
here at ratings revenue and operating
margin, this is a very good business
with operating margins now around 62%
for the ratings business. Then he showed
us this. If you look at the S&P global
estimated global corporate debt maturity
from fiscal 25 all the way to fiscal
2029, that's about a 12 trillion
opportunity coming up for the likes of
S&P uh Global. And so yes, maybe maybe
over the last couple of years this
business could have been growing faster.
But if you look at what's in front of
us, if you look at this, I think the
opportunity is there. I think the price
you're paying for this company is also
making quite a lot of sense. Then if you
look at the other segment, market
intelligence, market intelligence,
despite its size here, operating margin
is around 21% or so. It is a quite
competitive segment. Now with the new
acquisition, I'll talk about that in a
second. That that could help with
revenue growth. If you look at indices
revenue here as well, continues to grow
steadily. And what we're seeing here is
operating margin closer to 70%.
All of these businesses are quite
profitable. Subscription as a percent of
over revenue is also more than half of
the overall business. If you look at
free cash flow margin, gross profit
margin, again very very good. And then
operating margin here again there is an
acquisition that happened here but since
then we've seen that go back up 41.3%
for 2025. So good to know. Acquisition
of with intelligence for $1.8 billion.
That's a data provider for private
markets and that's expected to add
around $130 million in revenue in 2025.
Now why did the stock take a hit? one
fact check weak revenue guidance for
2026 and I believe their quarterly
results were also not that great so or
maybe not as good as expected took the
other peers down with it. Market
volatility, macro volatility, macro
environment not being stable is also one
of the reasons why a company like S&P
Global has taken a hit more recently
because as we've just seen the company
itself is doing very well. So yes, here
again reality is good company stock is
now a bit cheaper. Looking at the stock
right now with the nice retracement
right here. At one point we were
actually oversold at the end of
September. The same price we are at
right now. Opportunity I think. So I
think we've talked about that during the
stream. If you are looking at defensive
plays, I think these types of companies
could be defensive plays going forward.
Very good companies, very profitable
companies. Not trading at sky-high
valuations either. Moving on to the last
one, highly requested company also
financials. Furf. So Furf is a company
worth around 68 billion. As you can see,
it is currently experiencing a draw down
of about 50%.
Yes, 50% from the top this year back in
March. This is a company with a trailing
PE of 21.2 times, a forward PE of 11.6
times. The average analyst price target
sits quite higher than the price we're
at today, $183.9.
Margin-wise also quite good as I'll show
you in a bit. Growthwise, it's true.
It's not expected to grow extremely
quickly over the next couple of years,
but revenue is still expected to grow.
8.4% forward two years compounded EPS
growing almost double that. So in this
case, yeah, maybe maybe it is an
overreaction. If we go and look at their
last quarter, adjusted revenue increased
8% year-over-year. Organic revenue also
8% year-over-year. Free cash flow $1.2
billion for the quarter. Adjusted
operating margin 39.6%
an increase of 120 basis points
yearover-year. Clover revenue, Clover is
their point of sales system. We'll talk
about that in a bit. Increased 30% in Q2
with annualized reported payment volume
growth of 8% or 11% excluding gateway
conversions. value added services
penetration of Clover 24% up from 20% a
year ago with value added services
revenue growing 52%. And so this is what
we're getting when we look at Fiserf. We
look at revenue growth. We've had some
acquisitions there as well. So that's
why you're seeing these types of jumps
right here. But it is it is a solid
business, right? If we look at the well
how they generate revenue, we've got
merchant solutions. Clover is included
in merchant solutions, financial
solutions, and then corporate and
others. That's that tiny part right here
over the last couple of years. Again,
I'm only showing you the last two years
or so because there was a little
restructuring before that. So, the
numbers are going to be much much
different. But then if you look at gross
profit margin, free cash flow margin,
yes, again, acquisition happens here.
Revenue does increase, but gross profit
margin increases. Free cash flow margin
did take a dip and then it did recover.
now 24.4%
operating margin. Operating margin for
the company again 2020 took a huge hit
right here 10.2% since then we've
tripled that to now 30% operating margin
for the business. In the meantime also
I'm showing you what happened after the
acquisition. So 2019 all the way to 2025
shares outstanding are down by 20%.
That's 4% compounded in the last 6
years. Not too bad, right? So, why is
the stock dirt cheap? Microeconomic
pressure, as we've seen with plenty of
other financial stocks out there.
Analyst sentiment was a bit all over the
place. I do think that that will change
after the next or the upcoming earnings
report. They'll notice, oh, this is
actually a good business. This is not a
dying business. This is a business that
is mispriced by the market. And so, I do
think that sentiment will change there.
Again, you've seen the average analyst
price target sits much much higher
around 50% higher than where we're at
right now. And then competition,
competition in the fintech space,
especially competition with Clover, for
example, ADON, ADON, sorry, Shift 4,
Block, Toast, you name it. Point of sale
systems. Yes, we know it's it's highly
competitive, but it's it has always been
a competitive market. Looking at the
stock right now, like I said, completely
completely uh destroyed. We're back to
prices not seen since November 2023.
Stock previously when it was even at
$130, it was oversold. Right now, we are
flirting with being oversold again here
at around $121
is expected to report earnings
Wednesday, October 29. In my opinion,
we're going to see this one rebound. We
have a huge gap down right here from
166 all the way to 144. I don't own the
name, but from what I'm seeing, plus the
price that you're paying here, I think
it was an overreaction. I think it's not
a maybe not a no-brainer, right? We've
talked about nobrainers before. Might
not be a no-brainer, but I don't see how
the riskreward doesn't favor the reward
in this case. Again, you can wait until
the next earnings report and see where
you want to go. You can take that let's
say gamble before the earnings. You open
up a small position. You like what you
hear. Stock goes up. Your initial
position goes up and then you continue
to add more and more. Again, it's
definitely not an expensive stock. It's
definitely not a company that's dying
because as we've just seen the numbers,
they they grow. It's a profitable
company. It's buying back quite a lot of
shares. So yeah, I've given you here
three different type of scenarios or
companies right now. three different
reasons why the stock went down. Axon,
still don't know why it went down on
Wednesday, but Axon is the most
expensive one on the list. Weeble, S&P
Global, and Fiserf in my opinion are
good value picks at the moment. And so,
all in all, that's about it for me in
this video. If you enjoy this type of
videos, hit the thumbs up button,
subscribe if you're not, and check out
fiscal.ai as well. Maybe let me know
what other three companies you would
like me to cover. companies that are
pretty good but have seen an irrational
pullback. Let me know down in the
comment section below. Check out
fiscal.ai. We'll see each other in the
next one. Bye-bye.
[Music]