Hi performance golfers. I'm Coach
Carolyn and today I'm going to talk to
you about a five second fix for your
driver. It's not going to take long and
you can do this and all the tour players
are doing this as well. So when you
watch the next tournament, watch out for
this. We're going to talk about it now.
Your driver is going to be your favorite
club in the bag from today onwards. So
this tip is super simple. You don't need
to be athletic. You don't need to be an
amazing golfer for this. Anybody can do
this, which is why I like it so much.
It's actually something that all the
really good players and tour pros do in
their setup. And it has to do with our
hips. Before we go into this though, I
want to talk about why you're
potentially struggling with your driver
because I've had the experience that
either you love your driver and it's
your absolute favorite club in the back
like me or you just cannot make friends
with it. But at the end of this video, I
promise you, you guys are going to be
best friends with your driver. You're
going to be on the road to success with
it 100%. And if you do this, you'll be
able to improve your driver launch, your
driver distance, and overall contact.
So, the problem I see the most with
people who struggle with driving is that
they use their upper body too much, too
hard, too soon. And that leads to a
downward angle of attack. And that is
actually okay in irons. But a driver is
built very, very differently than irons
in terms of lie angle. That is this
angle right here. How the shaft comes
out of the head. This is much much
flatter. It is not built to be hit down
on. It is not built to be doing this.
So, this is the angle we want to avoid,
right? We don't want to have that face
kind of turned down heading towards the
ground. And if you see any divot or
contact with the ground with your
driver, this is what's happening for
you. Here's the good news. We can fix a
lot of that in the setup before you even
get into your swing. And that's exactly
what we're going to do today. So, I want
you to set up to your driver. If you're
on the course right now, if you're in
your hallway, if you're in your living
room, it doesn't matter. Grab a club or
an imaginary club and set up as you
would to your driver right here. And
you're obviously already doing a lot of
the right things, I'm sure. If not, we
can just quickly go over them. Biggest
difference in the driver is, of course,
your ball position. It's going to be
ideally on the inside of your front
heel, my left heel because I'm a righty.
And it just really shouldn't be too far
forward. What happens, and I see this a
lot because people feel like they want
to hit up on it more, but as they're
moving the ball position forward, what
happens is the path actually becomes
more left because if you think about it
now, your club's already exiting its
arc, and the path naturally will go
left. So, you're going to start
reaching, you're going to start going
forward with your chest, and we're doing
everything we just said not to do, being
really active, hitting it hard, reaching
for the ball. So, all of that, we don't
want to create more issues with the ball
position. That is incorrect. So have the
ball position further forward. Sometimes
this already helps with our little setup
tip. But sometimes it doesn't because
sometime people still have a really good
ball position and then they set up kind
of looking like this. And I'll give you
a couple of seconds to look at me and
see what's wrong here. Can you point it
out? If you can leave a comment below,
let me know what you think is wrong
here. And if you got it, no lies.
>> All right, guys. Quick break from
today's video. Look, if you want to make
massive improvements with your game and
actually get way better in 2025, you got
to do something different than you've
done before. And one of those things
that I highly recommend is checking out
these two-day schools that my friends at
Performance Golf are hosting. These are
with the best coaches in the world.
People you see me in videos with all the
time like Martin Chuck, Andrew Rice,
Erica Lark, and many more of the top
coaches at awesome, awesome places all
around the United States. We're seeing
great results with these schools because
what we're able to do when we see you in
person is really find and fix the main
root issue. Most all of us have like
four or five things wrong with our
swing. You can't do them all at one
time, but you can find and fix the main
one thing which we can do in person like
that. We're able to make massive
improvements. I'm talking like maybe 2
years of improvements in only 2 days.
So, if you're looking for something to
really fast track your improvement, this
could be the thing that could take you
to the next level. We'll put a link in
the description down below. Check that
out. See if there's a spot available in
a location that works for you.
>> Just by putting the ball forward, it
doesn't always mean that people are
going to also have their chest back a
little bit and set it back a little bit.
So, as you can see, my right hand is
obviously low on the grip and it it's
going to have to reach. So, what that
naturally does, it should pull us into a
little bit of an angle of my shoulders
right here. But not just the shoulders,
the hips is where it's at. Because a lot
of the time, even if my hips are level
and people do this, my hip really didn't
change much. So, here is really the key
to this whole thing. Before you do
anything else, before you adjust your
shoulders, before you take your grip, I
want you to put your hand on your right
hip or trail hip, depending on what
which direction you're hitting, and just
push that trail hip down by about an
inch. I really want you to physically
grab yourself and push it down. You're
going to feel like that's a little bit
more of a bend in the right knee right
here, and that's okay. What I don't want
you to do is go forward. And you guys
can see this from the down the line
angle. We're not doing this. We're just
pushing it down. It's almost like being
on an uphill slope. If I was on an
uphill like this with a driver,
hopefully you're not on an uphill ever.
Otherwise, the green keeper really woke
up and chose violence that day if you're
on a tea box that goes uphill. But this
also applies to the fairway wood. So,
here's the good news. You can still do
this. And a really great drill, which
I'm going to talk about at the end,
actually has to do with uphill lies. So,
grab your trail hip. Push that down. See
how that really pushes my hip a little
bit towards the target. It lowers my
right hip. It automatically puts my
spine angle at a tilt. See this right
here? This is what we need. It lowers
our right shoulder. It puts her
shoulders into the right angle. Now, you
are able to really hit up on the ball.
You can swing back. And you I want you
to feel like in that back swing that
your right hip stays lower. We're never
going to feel like that right hip goes
up. If the right hip goes up, you will
really feel that slide that you've
probably been struggling with because
you've been doing this wrong your whole
life. Make sure we push it down. The
left hip goes towards target a little
bit. Right hip drops down a little bit,
drops the right shoulder. And now we
keep that hip low as we go back. And
then we fire. And now you're going to be
able to really push off the ground a lot
better. Feel much more powerful, shallow
the club a lot easier. If it stays
behind me, it drops into the slot and
then you can fire at the ball. So,
homework assignment for you is to look
at the next tournament, watch the next
tournament, watch some of these top
players hitting their drivers. We're not
looking at irons, guys. We're not
looking at wedges. Very different
conversation. Okay? Drivers, look at
that right hip. The right hip should not
be higher at setup than your left hip.
Trail hip not be higher than your lead
hip. So, let's hit a ball like this.
Let's see how I do. And I just love this
feeling. I've used this feeling so many
times when I was actually on tour
playing because it's something that just
really helps me shape that little draw
more so if I wanted. So, let's do this.
Setting up good ball position. I'm going
to physically actually drop this. You
can do this. Doesn't matter if your
buddies think it's weird because it's
not going to be weird when you end up in
the middle of the fairway. Trust me.
Little waggle. Feel that trail hip
staying low.
Little penetrating drive. And this is
really going to help you get under the
ball, catch it on the uphill. We're now
fixing fundamentals. We're not giving
you band-aids in your swing. We're not
trying to make you do something you
can't do because you first need to go to
the gym for 10,000 hours and train it.
This is a little adjustment anybody can
make. All right, let's talk about one
little drill that I want you to do. You
can do this on the range. You obviously
can't do this on the course. You also
can do this when you're not hitting a
ball. That's totally fine. But let's
imagine we have an uphill lie. This will
really, really help you. I love using
hills, whether it's sidehill or uphill,
to emphasize feels. So, I want you to
feel like if you were on an uphill lie,
and I'm going to just kind of put my
left foot up a little bit, prop that up
a little bit. And you can do this, too.
So, let's just pretend that we're on an
uphill lie right here. So, I'm going to
go a little bit on my toes here on my
left foot. And really feel that little
drop right here because now we're
actually forced in order to be level
with the ground, our imaginary uphill
lie right here. Now, we're forced to do
this. And I want you to really feel like
how does that how does that feel? And
you're going to feel that bottom of the
driver happening much more in front of
the ball. Like right here. This is the
bottom of the arc. And that's the key
piece of this with on a driver. The
bottom of your swing has to be before
you get to the ball. Otherwise, you
cannot swing up on it, right? No way.
When you hit down, it'll be the
opposite. This is the wrong version,
right? you hit down and the bottom of
the arc all of a sudden is right here in
front of the ball, you're screwed.
Sorry, there's no other way around it.
So, take a couple of swings, feeling
that right hip lower than the left,
feeling that right hip staying lower
than the left, and just really kind of
do these little motions and swing
through. Again, if you're on a range,
you can go like here, you could turn
around and just kind of swing that way.
Be creative. Use the golf course. Use
what we have to emphasize those feels.
All right, let's crush one more and then
it's up to you to go on the range and
try this. I'm going to drop my hip, set
up, right shoulder, good ball position,
and let's go.
Little baby draw. All right, I hope this
tip brings you closer with your driver
as it has done for me. And um if you're
already a really good driver, that's
great, too. This will really help you
shape a little bit more of a draw much
more easier. So, try it out. Thank you
so much for watching and if you like it,
let me know in the comments below.
Subscribe to this channel. We come out
with new tips on a regular basis, so
this is a great resource for you guys to
become better golfers. All right, I'm
Coach Carolyn. Thanks so much for
watching.