This was such a long time coming. I
think it's very shortly after I came on
to that part place.
>> Before you even go into that, why don't
we give people an introduction if they
don't know who you are?
>> Sure.
>> What do you do? Who are you? And what is
happening right now? I guess we we'll
go.
>> Yeah. So, my name is Marvin Montaneo.
I'm a journalist with uh 20 years of
experience. I've been a professional
writer for all my adult life. Even
before then, I started as a teenager. I
have a YouTube channel. It's called Tony
Town TV that I host with a puppet,
Marvin the Movie Monster. Uh, but what
people mostly know me from is I'm the
editor-in chief of that parkplace.com
where we cover all the news that should
be fun and today we announced that we
have entered into a partnership with the
great folks over at Geeks and Gamers
where we have relaunched the Geeks and
Gamers website. We have brought our
newsroom over there and I am currently
working as the managing editor of Geeks
and Gamers alongside the editor-inchief
Alex Gerszo who's amazing and awesome.
And then I am still going to be the
editor-in chief of that parkplace.com at
the same time. So, I'm not going to
sleep very much, but uh that's not
that's nothing new.
>> Fair. I brought an article from Jonas
today. Um and now in relation to you,
who is Jonas?
>> So, Jonas J. Campbell, I mean, you know,
he he is also obviously the producer of
the WWE Pro Show, but he is now our
director of website operations for both
Geeks and Gamers and that Parkplace. So
Jonas has taken a big job here and um
yeah he he's kind of overseeing
everything and Jonas was instrumental in
all of this done.
>> What is the I guess expected outcome or
goal from this partnership? The goal
here is I mean look we are all tired of
the corporate access media right we are
all tired of the IGN's the polygons the
kotakus the all all of them and what we
have done is is pulled our resources
pulled our experience our you know our
audiences and we are trying to create
the alternative you know Jeremy said
this and pro said it as well we're not
trying to compete with anyone in our
space we're you know because we love and
support the fact that people are able to
go out there and have their own
platforms as well. We don't see
ourselves as competing with folks that
are in our YouTube space or, you know,
in the independent news space. We see
ourselves as a direct challenger to the
IGN's of the world. And that is what
we're going for. We are going for the
corporate media here. We are taking back
the news, putting it in the hands of
fans, in the hands of geeks, in the
hands of gamers, in the hands of people
that love theme parks and don't want the
corporate spin.
>> I think that is a serious threat. Before
I brought you on here, I was telling
people how we were going to have this
chat tonight. And I was thinking like,
man, for the longest time, just as a
independent content creator, even before
I was taking the angle of these people
don't have my best interest at heart,
>> right?
>> Even before I started taking that angle,
I noticed a very specific vibe coming
from the don't cross us or else you're
black balled. And that was the vibe that
I got from Corpo Media. And I'm like, I
I feel like that kind of ties your
hands. It makes you kind of bend the
knee and bow to kiss the rings, bow to
the overlords. And I'm like, that's in a
weird way that's that's exactly why
they're losing the battle is because
people that want information. I mean, I
feel like this sounds like a [ __ ]
infomercial the way I'm talking to you,
but like it's it's true. It's like
people want real information from real
people that have like an agenda to be
like, "Oh yeah, and here's why this
game's great and this is why you have to
buy this game, too, and this game too is
it's like, no, sometimes it's [ __ ]
Sometimes you don't want to support a
company. Sometimes they're pushing an
agenda and they're not being fully
transparent with it." Well, I mean, and
like you if you need to know like just
how corporate, especially the gaming
world, has gotten, look no further than
like the Game Awards. Look at the Dorito
Pope stands up there in his in his
tuxedo with like, you know, it's gowns
and tuxedos and all this other crap and
they're up there just pushing the
corporate spin. And remember, Hogwarts
Legacy didn't get nominated for anything
despite being the biggest game of the
year all because of, you know, activists
having a problem with JK Rowling. get
things like wokest game of the year and
you know that's one of the ones that
gets an actual acceptance speech. It
it's absolutely insane.
>> Insane.
>> And it's it's it's time to take the
artificial out and start putting the
real news delivered by real fans into
the hands of the people. And yes, he is
called the Dorito Pope.
>> Yes. And it's almost like the the the
natural evolution of information flow.
Like if there is a disturbance in the
force, if you will, uh naturally people
are going to look up and be like
something doesn't smell right right now.
It would it would be like I don't know
if um if Ghost of U wins game of the
year over Expedition 33 or something
like that, right? Like it's gonna be
that would be on the levels of the
Hogwarts Legacy not being nominated.
Maybe actually no Hogwarts Legacy not
being nominated still crazier than that.
>> Insane.
>> Um like insane. But it's those kind of
things where it makes people wake up
from like it makes the normies be like,
"Wait, there's there's got to be
something more going on here." And then
they tune into YouTube and they they see
people talking and they're like, "Okay,
I'm not going crazy. There's a lot of
other people that feel this way right
now." Well, and and this is why, you
know, voices like yours are so
important, why people like Grums are so
important to the community, because you
guys are speaking for the gamers, and
that is so so important. Um, and just to
answer some questions I'm seeing in the
chat. Also, by the way, our our two
websites are not merging into one
website. We are running both sites
independently. So, you're going to see
different things on that parkplace that
you'll see on Geeks and Gamers because
the two uh websites kind of have
different um strategies and paths. They
there's they're they're meant to um
accomplish different things. So, um
>> but work in conjunction with each other.
>> Exactly. We're we're all one team
working toward um you know, a lot of
good things, but we are we are doing it
on um on two fronts essentially. And I
don't think people really understand the
level of effort and work that you really
do put in behind the scenes on each
article that you put out there. Um I I
mean I do cuz I did it for a while. So
you know that I know what you do
>> and it's it's a lot of work. It's
actually
>> it's it's very um in a weird way it's
very thankless work. Like you're like
behind the scenes you just do it. It
feels like you don't get like pats on
the back ever
>> and you're busting your ass day in and
day out getting these articles out
there. What motivates you to to keep
going? Because I personally I I still
write articles maybe once a month on my
website, but I used to do it daily and
it just burned me out. What What drives
you?
>> I've always loved journalism like since
I was a kid. Like Superman is my
favorite superhero of all time, but I
loved So I loved Lois and Clark. That
was my introduction to Superman. But
what I really loved about it was Clark
Kent as a reporter. I always loved the
investigative journalism of Lois and
Clark. And so, ever since then, I was
like, I'm gonna be a reporter or, you
know, I just a writer in some way. I was
able to uh get into newspapers at the
time um when I was still a teenager. And
um it was a dying industry then, it's a
dead industry now. Um, but you know,
journalism has always had a strong place
in my heart and it's kind of just the
love of the game. It's just somebody has
to has to report this stuff. Somebody
has to say this stuff and you know and
we have seen things on our side on that
parkplace like the federal government
cited one of my articles in it. The FCC
cited us in their investigation of
Disney. So, like we know that we're
making a difference in the stuff that
we're putting out there and that's kind
of the motivation that that people
>> Isn't that by the way, not to interrupt
you, but isn't that crazy to to know
that not that Park Place is like a
no-name website or anything, but but
that you as like an individual can make
an impact where the the [ __ ] US
federal government notices what you
wrote and they cite you.
>> It was an interesting day at the office.
I I remember like pro saw it first I
think and he came to me and he was just
like hey uh so I don't know if you saw
this and I saw it and I was like he goes
oh yeah check out like citation I forget
what number it is now and I looked at
the citation I was like you're kidding
me like it was it was it was validation
I mean like then the fact that the
federal government now is starting to
actually take the things that
independent media is saying like going
outside the box of the legacy media I
mean and that's why you're seeing things
like Barry Weiss um becoming the head of
CBS News. She's new media. I mean, she
left the New York Times, started her own
thing on Substack, and now she's going
to be running CBS News because the new
media has really got it over the legacy
media because,
>> you know, of everything we've talked
about. So,
>> yep. And there is it's not like tinfoil
hat either. Like the more the deeper you
dive into this, the more you realize
there is a cabal of people that that
want to push you out
constantly. And you know, and there are
so many people on YouTube that we love
to highlight. I mean, I I love on that
Park Place whenever we get to cover
things uh from Gothic Therapy, for
example, because the work that that
Raven and Master with TDS do
>> is incredible in in the lengths that
they go to to expose a lot of these
things with like Sweet Baby Inc. or with
Wings and all that other stuff. And I
was just like, I'm I'm honored to be
able to kind of give that a platform and
and boost it as much as I can. And that
should be, by the way, that should be
very inspirational to everyone out there
because this is this is how you get a
start. It's a lot of grinding. It's a
lot of doing the the dirty work, the
digging behind the scenes, the the hours
and hours. People don't understand when
you come forward with a story, the the
time that goes in the background to just
bring it forward. People just see the
end result and they're like, "Oh, what a
grifter." It's like, do you have any
idea how much work went into getting
this article out there?
>> Well, I mean, look look at um the other
day, just the other day, we covered
this. Games Radar, I think it was,
posted this editorial about how like,
well, Hogwarts Legacy 2, if they want to
avoid the boycott that hit Hogwarts
Legacy 1, they got to do these things. I
wrote a scathing editorial about that.
I'm like, this is out and out false.
Terrible.
>> There was no boycott.
>> That was terrible. That that's actually
goes to show how far journal quote
unquote journalism standards have fallen
over the years. But in a weird way, I
guess you could argue that plays to your
benefit because every time an outlet
like that puts out an article like that,
they they fall in the ranks. People
like, "Oh, they're one of those." And
it's just like, "I don't want to go to
that site anymore. They're going to
throw that [ __ ] out there. No thanks."
That's why every time I wrote an
article, personally, I was just like, I
want to put my best foot forward with
anything I want to talk about because it
might be the only time someone ever
encounters my website. So, I hope it's a
good one that they read and not just a
[ __ ] just to fill the time with it.
>> Stanley, you know, Stanley used to say
that every comic book is somebody's
first comic book.
>> Yes.
>> And and so I' I've always believed that
like, you know, every article on the
site is somebody's first article on the
site. every video that you make on a
YouTube channel is somebody's first
video on your YouTube channel. So, you
have to put your best foot forward with
that as well. Um, so yeah, I totally get
what you're saying. You got to put 100%
into everything that you do essentially.
>> Yep. And you've been doing a great job.
Um,
>> why don't you uh because we've been
going for a little bit here, why don't
you give people some more details on
like what they can expect coming out of
this partnership and like time frames?
Is there is there like a a contract in
place? Is this just for eternity? It's
what what what can you say? What can you
not say? All that kind of stuff.
>> I mean, there's not really much I can
comment on with contracts is I don't
even really know the specifics of the
contracts. I'm just kind of, you know,
like I'm I'm a soldier on the ground
essentially and I'm going where they
tell me to go. Um, that's not something
I can really comment on, but what I can
say is, so geeksandgamers.com relaunched
today around 4:00 Eastern. um and was
announced on Friday Night Heights that
we're that we're doing this. Uh so what
you're going to see also on Geeks and
Gamers is we are going to shine a
spotlight on creators as well. So you
know if if the Critical Drinker does a
video about Taoiti, for example, um
we're going to have a video about it.
We're going to spotlight what he says
and the points that he makes. Uh and
that by the way that is an article
that's coming out tomorrow
>> that we've already got in the cam
because he just did a whole thing on
that. Uh we're gonna be this one's from
you too here. The Star Wars Rise of
Skywalker. This is you. So gamers main
page. That's Dude, this is awesome.
>> This they really did a great job
designing the site, our you know our our
team. And then this is all the you know
the G&G folks that are on YouTube. Uh
you know
>> like this is this is pro all the way
though. Like this is like this this is
this is the next generation of of news
media right here.
I hope so. I hope and I really think it
will be. I think we, you know, we've got
a whole bunch of great people. I mean,
we have O, you know, Odin is uh, you
know, writing some articles for us. And,
uh, Criticless, we're we're we're also,
uh, you know, tied in with Critic List
now, Geeks and Gamers. Actually, uh,
there's an article on here about that as
well. Rip Ascend is doing merch. And
Criticless, I whenever I do articles
about anything with Rotten Tomatoes, I
will give the Rotten Tomatoes score and
then I will make sure that I give the
criticist score because criticist I
think is the future of movie reviews.
>> So, what is what is criticless? So,
Criticless is an app um that you can
download on your phone and it is a movie
review app. It is a movie review
aggregation app. So, but there are no
professional critics on there. It's uh
you know just fans that are out there
reviewing these movies giving them
scores. Uh there's also questions that
you answer for each one like like
there's a slider that you'll be like uh
you know how far does this lead into
politics and which side? Uh is there
swearing in this movie? Is there you
know nudity in this movie? Things like
that. And Criticless is kind of a I mean
I don't I can't speak for Blaine and his
team. They do amazing work. Um but it is
it is a kind of fan-driven Rotten
Tomatoes where we don't lean on a
professional critic score that's you
know b that bought and paid for by
Hollywood Studios. Blaine and his team
are creating a spot where the fans voice
is the one that matters. That's the
thing that gets pushed out. And once a
fan's voice gets loud enough to be heard
by the studios, they have to listen.
>> And that's that's and so it's not just
providing information to people, but
it's actually in a weird way enacting
actual change to get things back to the
way that we grew up and loved and fell
in love with these.
>> Any any final thoughts or takeaways that
I didn't ask for what's going on here
that you wanted to make sure we threw
into this video? No, I mean I I want to
make sure I give a big shout out to uh
Alex Gerzo who's the editor-inchief over
at Geeks and Gamers. He's such a great
guy. He's been he's been the editor-in
chief of Geeks and Gamers for 10 years
and he is still going. He he is a
trooper of the highest order and I am
having a blast working with him. He's
such a cool guy. Um and you know, I've
had great conversations with uh you
know, with Jeremy and and Jonas and and
Pro and and um you know, Jay John
Crepio. Like those guys are just the
best of the best. the most genuine
people I've ever met, kindest people
I've ever met, and uh this is the team
that's going to be bringing you guys the
news and and that is going to hopefully
change the game and offer an alternative
saturation.
>> They do a really good job of acting
acting like they're lazy, but they are
like some of the [ __ ] hardest workers
out there. They are grinding away.
They're always on it. So, yeah.
>> Yep.
>> Um cool, man. Cool. Well, this is this
is awesome. It was a pleasure to have
you on and I am really like genuinely
when I say this I'm genuinely looking
forward to the future of what comes out
of this. I think that this like I said
is the future of games media
entertainment media is userdriven by
real people not corporations. This is
the type of place I want to be going to.
I don't want to go to like CBS News to
find out about a movie. You know what I
mean? Like who would do?
>> I don't want to go to uh Rolling Stone
to find out about a video game. Like
these these people don't give a [ __ ]
about these things. They just because
they have the space, they just threw it
on top of it. It's like that's not
that's not authentic at all. That
doesn't work like that,
>> right? And authenticity is People know
at this stage of the game when you're
bullshitting them.
>> Yes.
>> They can sense it. um you know as as as
as real as a football bat is is is what
you know I've heard people say before
like it was a lot of what the mainstream
news just have to be real with people
you have to like actually break it down
like we have a like we have an article
on that Parkplace right now about u the
Snoop Dogg thing
>> oh
>> which I think we'll be talking about on
Geeks and Gamers tomorrow as well. So I
mean like we're breaking it down like
hey like this is what he said but like
this is what he said a few weeks ago.
So, you know, you got to create that
timeline and and kind of pull people
through it because some people don't,
you know, didn't follow the story. And
if you read the variety story, it's a
triumphant Snoop Dogg, you know, you
know, situation. But then when you
actually like, did you actually listen
to the song? Because it's it's awful.
It's
>> No, I have not. Nor do I want to. But
>> don't use I I did it so that you don't
have to, Jake.
>> Yeah. Geez. But I will say, and I'll
leave it at this. Um, like you said,
authenticity is so important and I think
of it from like a personal perspective.
If I am reading an article or watching a
YouTuber and I get a hint of this
[ __ ] doesn't give a [ __ ] about
that, I'm I'm out. I'm like, "Nope,
done. Next." Because cuz you need that
you need that connection with the
person. So
>> that's why these companies keep failing
>> and that's why this [ __ ] is never going
to work.
uh especially whatever the hell
>> my kids.
>> Did you see the the quote where he said
like like man I forget exactly how he
put it but he was like loving everyone
and and express love that's the re
that's what real gangsters do and I was
like what no
that's not what real gangsters do real
gangsters sling dope and like and like
sm like what did they what did they do
to your kids and your family? What are
they locked up somewhere? Snoop, can we
help you?
>> You know, the president of Hollywood got
on a phone call with him that was like,
"You're going to do this."
>> Exactly. Marvin, it's been an honor and
a pleasure to have you. I know you have
like a ton of places you need to be
tonight. This is like a big big day for
you today. Um,
>> we've been going I've been going
non-stop since like six o'clock this
morning and we're still going now. But,
um,
>> dude, do you mind if I uh plug my
channel?
>> Oh, no. No, please. How about at it?
>> Yeah. So, um, Tony Town TV, please check
it out on YouTube. It's uh you know T O
N E Y Town TV. Um I host it with a
puppet called Marvin the Movie Monster
and we kind of rail against uh you know
a lot of the media stuff that we cover
on that Parkplace. We do cover a lot of
that Parkplace. Um and now we'll be
covering a lot of Geeks and Gamers
articles on there. So uh please check it
out. We go live on uh Thursday nights at
8:00 p.m. Eastern time and I do a
morning show 9:00 a.m. on Mondays,
Wednesdays, and Fridays.
>> Marvin, it's awesome honor and pleasure.
mods, if you don't mind, please sharing
uh Marvin's channel. Uh and Netflix
foreign says, "Who is Marvin's favorite
journalist, old and new?"
>> I really like Barry Weiss. Um I think
that she's a great voice for the middle
of the road. Uh as WW Pro likes to call
it, the mainstream middle, the sensible
center. Um because and I and I believe
to do news, that's where you have to
kind of live. Like you have to be more
of a centrist. Even if you if you swing
more one way or the other, it's all
about presenting the news. I honestly I
I can't think of anyone old. I mean I I
have I
>> strong kite.
>> Yeah. I mean like exactly if you want to
go back far. I mean I was a kid but like
I really enjoy Megan Kelly.
>> Um
>> Tom Tom Broga.
>> I Tom Bro I like I've always liked um uh
Tucker.
>> Oh yeah. Yeah. Tucker a lot. Yep.
>> Yeah. And I mean you know I loved and I
loved Charlie Kurt.
>> I mean you know if you if you consider
him a journalist which I do. Yeah. I did
because he he was bringing information
into people's homes.
>> Oh yeah. If you could argue even that he
was actually the next generation of what
media and journalism was.
>> So
>> EB for me remember for nine months says
this gives me hope at Marvin.
>> Oh well I hope we can uh you know I hope
we can live up to that hope.
>> Yeah you will. If it's anything like
that park place I don't have any worries
at all. So
>> Mar Marvin, I'll let you get back to it
man. I know you got places got to be
really appreciate this time and we'll
have you on again for sure.
>> Yeah, absolutely. I'd love to come on
and talk games like you know whenever
you're uh you know
>> so absolutely
>> absolutely absolutely
>> I'll talk to you later man. Thank you so
much.
>> Yeah, have a good one. You too. Thank
you so much. Later. Bye. Man, that was
awesome. That was awesome.