Do you like free money? Well, you could be 
eligible for one of the largest crypto airdrops
ever. That's because MetaMask, one of crypto's 
most popular wallets, has just confirmed it will
soon be launching its own token, which could 
be aird dropped to millions of users worldwide.
My name is Guy and today we're going to tell 
you everything we know about MetaMask's airdrop,
including how you can increase your chances of 
getting the Mask token and how this airdrop could
affect the crypto market. This is a video you 
literally cannot afford to miss. Before we begin
though, I'm not a financial adviser and nothing in 
this video is financial advice. This video is to
inform you about MetaMask and its upcoming token 
launch. So, do us a favor, smash that like button,
and let's get to it. As you all probably know, 
MetaMask is one of the most widely used wallets
in crypto. It was co-founded in July 2016 by Aaron 
Davis and Dan Finley under Consensus. For context,
Consensus was founded in 2014 by Joseph Lubin, 
one of Ethereum's eight co-founders. Consensus
also developed Infura, a developer tool set, and 
Lana, a layer 2 blockchain on Ethereum. Anyway,
MetaMask originally began as a Chrome extension, 
but launched a mobile app in 2020 for Android and
iOS. Since then, it's expanded beyond Ethereum 
to blockchains like Bass, Avalanche, Polygon,
Salana, and even Bitcoin. Users can also add 
custom networks that aren't natively supported.
MetaMask's low poly 3D Fox is one of crypto's most 
recognizable mascots thanks to the wallet being
free and used by millions worldwide. The browser 
extension alone has nearly 18 million downloads.
And meanwhile, MetaMask's mobile app has over 
10 million downloads on Google Play. Apple's
App Store numbers aren't public, but it's likely 
a similar number there, too. For what it's worth,
the app has 70,000 ratings with a score of 
4.7 stars. Hm. I'm not sure how many of those
reviewers have ever tried to do a cross-chain 
swap in the wallet before, but well, hey. Anyway,
excluding Apple devices, this means MetaMask 
has been downloaded about 28 million times,
and the real number seems to be much higher. 
That's because in February 2025, Dan Finley
revealed that MetaMask had 250 million users in 
2024, but this figure likely includes those with
multiple addresses. Regardless, we're dealing with 
tens, possibly hundreds of millions of users who
could soon receive free crypto. Of course, the 
catch is that they're going to need some ETH for
gas fees. Now, if you need to buy ETH for your 
old MetaMask wallet, then you have to check out
the Coin Bureau deals page. That's where you'll 
find signup bonuses of up to $100,000, trading
fee discounts of up to 50%, and deposit cash 
backs of up to 75% on the best crypto exchanges.
Just hit the link in the description or scan 
this QR code. Once you get on the deals page,
you'll see all of our offers across a range of 
exchange partners. Click one of the sign up now
buttons and that should take you right to the 
deal. Now, these deals won't be around forever
though, so take advantage of them while you can. 
Link in description or QR code here. But back to
the MetaMask token. Now, a token launch has been 
speculated about for years as a Mask token was
teased in 2021 when MetaMask's engineers floated 
the idea of community ownership. Naturally,
many expected Mask would be used for governance. 
For context, many popular crypto wallets have
tokens already. Two examples are Trust Wallet 
and Safe Pal, which we'll come back to in a bit.
So, the fact that other wallets have their own 
tokens has only stoked more speculation that
MetaMask could do the same. And constant hints by 
Joe Luben on social media have also added fuel to
the fire. But the possibility of a MetaMask token 
wasn't taken seriously until March 2025 when a
DEX listed pre-market trades for a token called 
Mask. Logically, many took this as a sign that
the official MetaMask token was imminent. Now, 
MetaMask quickly shut this down, saying there
wasn't an official token, but confirmed plans 
to launch one at an unspecified future date. So,
obviously, this begs the question of why a mask 
token hasn't already come to fruition. Well,
there are basically two reasons for this. And the 
first is that it wasn't clear exactly what this
token would be used for. The second bigger reason, 
though, is regulatory uncertainty. That's because
under the leadership of Gary Gendler, the SEC 
repeatedly targeted crypto companies for allegedly
offering unregistered securities. And which 
was one of the many, many companies targeted?
That's right, Consensus. In June 2024, the SEC 
alleged that Consensus was offering unregistered
securities through MetaMask's swap and staking 
features, effectively accusing the company of
operating as an unregistered securities broker. 
Now, thankfully, Gendler's no longer around,
and the SEC has since pivoted to being pro- 
crypto. In February this year, the SEC also
dismissed its lawsuit against Consensus to the 
relief of both the company and MetaMask users,
and which reignited speculation about a potential 
airdrop now that the SEC was backing off. In
retrospect, the per listing for Mask back in March 
made sense. Fast forward to May this year when
Dan Finley hinted at a possible token during an 
interview with nothing more than a cryptic smirk
and a simple quote maybe. However, despite the SEC 
dismissing its lawsuit, Finley noted that quote
securities law remains securities law, suggesting 
MetaMask was taking a very cautious approach. By
September, Joe Luben was being far less cryptic. 
However, on a podcast episode with the blog,
he said, quote, "The mask token is coming. 
It may come sooner than you would expect."
He also revealed that consensus is working to 
further decentralize MetaMask, Infura, and the
Lana blockchain, and that the main reason for 
launching Mask is to increase decentralization.
Now, to be clear, the official launch date for 
Mask hasn't been announced, nor its exact utility,
but we can speculate on some potential use cases 
based on Trust Wallets and Safe Pal tokens. Both
give users perks like increased staking rewards, 
boosted yields, airdrops, and other such features.
So, in theory, MetaMask could adopt any of these 
use cases for Mask itself. But to be clear,
this is pure speculation. We won't know its exact 
utility until closer to launch. Joe Lubin's recent
comments also suggest Mask's utility could expand 
beyond the MetaMask wallet. So, now that we know
a Mask token is definitely on the way, the next 
thing you're probably wondering is just how big
this airdrop could be. Well, we should start by 
saying that even though a token is confirmed,
an airdrop technically has not been confirmed. 
However, the chances of an airdrop happening
appear to be pretty high. That's simply because 
airdrops are a common way for crypto projects to
reward users and put their product on the map, so 
to speak. For example, in 2020, unis swap rewarded
its users with UNI tokens just for completing 
simple swaps on its decks. Uni's price later
skyrocketed, making it the biggest crypto airdrop 
ever until it was overtaken by Hyperliquids late
last year. But this isn't the only reason why 
an airdrop is probably inevitable. Recall that
Consensus wants to decentralize its platforms, 
which is supposedly the primary reason for a
MetaMask token in the first place. You'll also 
recall that another one of Consensus's projects
is Lana. As it happens, Lana also recently 
launched its own token in early September, which
it launched via an airdrop. And what's more is 
that Luben confirmed that long-term Lana holders
could be eligible for future token distributions, 
including those from other consensus projects. In
his words, quote, if we notice at some date in the 
future that you've held N Lana tokens for M days,
that just might lead to another token landing in 
your account. So you don't need a PhD to figure
out that maybe Lana holders will get a chunk of 
the mask airdrop. In any case, it confirms that
consensus has a history of airdropping tokens for 
its products and a recent history at that. So then
just how big could the mask airdrop be and what 
do you need to do to be eligible? Well, at the
time of shooting, there are no official criteria 
for the MetaMask airdrop. Many investors have
speculated on what these criteria could be, and 
some of this speculation will probably turn out
to be right. For instance, an ex-user called Atoms 
Research speculated that mask eligibility criteria
could include wallet age, onchain activity, gas 
fees paid, interactions with MetaMask swaps,
bridges or portfolio sections, participants of 
MetaMask missions, a 3-week campaign from the 21st
of July to the 8th of August, and holders of Lana 
MUSD or the Metamas card. Atoms also suggested
these interactions could act as potential airdrop 
multipliers and this aligns with other investors
and platforms speculating on airdrop criteria. For 
example, OKX suggested preparing for the airdrop
by keeping MetaMask activity levels up through 
transactions, swaps, and other actions. Moreover,
users can also engage with new features like the 
MUSD stablecoin and Lana token and stay updated
via MetaMask's social media channels. Others 
like Coin Codeex recommended using MetaMask's
swap and bridge features, staking through 
partner platforms, bridging assets to Lana,
and interacting with Lana DAPs. They also caution 
against arbitrary activity farming like doing lots
of small transactions since airdrops typically 
reward genuine usage, not spam. Obviously, many
others have speculated on eligibility, but they 
mostly overlap with what we've just covered. As
such, if you tick most or all of these boxes, you 
could be in a good position to receive free Mask
tokens in your MetaMask wallet. And who doesn't 
love free money? As for the potential size of the
mask airdrop, many believe it could be one of the 
largest in crypto history. To take the top spot,
it would need to overtake Hyperlquids from 
November 2024, which was worth around $1.2
billion at the time. Ambitious, yes. But given 
MetaMask's ubiquity, first mover advantage,
and relative market dominance, it's certainly 
not impossible. It's too bad we can't get a sense
of how much that would mean per user. So, with a 
confirmed Metamas token right around the corner,
you might be wondering how well Mask could perform 
after its launch. Since mask is expected to be one
of the largest airdrops ever, we can get a sense 
of its postairdrop performance by looking at three
other massive airdrops in crypto. Hyperlquid's 
hype, unis swaps uni, and apecoins ape. Starting
with Hyperlquid, it air dropped 310 million 
Hype coins worth around $1.2 billion at the
time to around 94,000 users in November 2024. Hype 
then went parabolic, making the airdrop even more
valuable, at least to those who didn't cheat their 
bags right after they got them. Before Hyperlid,
though, the record for the largest airdrop was 
held by Uniswap, which distributed its UNI token
to early users in September 2020 at around $520 
a pop. It saw a gradual sell-off in the first
few weeks, dropping to around $1.70 as people 
cashed in. But in 2021, UNI also went parabolic,
pumping by 25x to nearly $45 per token. And 
the third largest airdrop was Apecoins Ape,
which was launched in March 2022 by Yuga Labs, the 
team behind the board ape yacht club. Ape started
at around $9.50 and rallied by roughly 3x to reach 
almost $27 just a few weeks later. Now, obviously,
this doesn't mean that mask will perform the same 
way, but it provides some perspective nonetheless.
Additional perspective can be gleaned from the 
aforementioned wallet tokens from Trust Wallet and
SafePal. TWWT launched in August 2020 at around 2. 
Its price has since been volatile with big swings
up and down, but it reached an all-time high of 
about $2.70, an impressive 136x gain from launch.
Meanwhile, Safe Pal's SFP was launched in February 
2021 at a price of 10 cents before pumping by an
impressive 45x to $445 in the weeks that followed. 
So, taken together, this suggests that the Mask
token might be slow out of the gates, but could 
could go parabolic in subsequent weeks depending
on broader crypto market conditions. It's also 
worth noting that the Lana airdrop wasn't exactly
smooth sailing. Technical issues during the token 
generation event or TGE caused distribution delays
and network congestion. Many investors were 
also unsure of Lana's use cases leading to
massive sell-offs by Wales immediately after the 
airdrop which it has yet to recover from. To be
fair though, it didn't happen in the best market 
conditions. So this naturally raises the question
of potential tailwinds for Mask's price. Well, one 
key factor is timing. Basically, if Mask launches
soon, it could coincide with the alt season that 
investors are so desperately waiting for. As such,
speculative trading alone might be enough to 
send Mask to the moon. Another possibility is
fundamental demand. For example, the reserves 
backing the MUSD stable coin could be used for
buybacks of the Mask token, which would seriously 
help to prop up its price. One other possibility
would be a Mask Treasury company. Now, this might 
sound far-fetched until you remember that Joe
Luben is actively involved with Sharlink, an 
Ethereum treasury company. We're also seeing
treasury companies buy NFTts and memecoins. So, 
why not Mask? Anyway, by now you'll know that
the Mask airdrop could be one of the biggest 
in crypto history. So, how could it affect
the overall crypto market? Well, aside from the 
obvious potential for MetaMask users to make some
serious gains, the Mask token could also be a key 
catalyst for attracting retail investors. Allow me
to explain. There are tens, possibly hundreds 
of millions of MetaMask users, many of whom
will still be actively engaged with crypto despite 
having had to use MetaMask for all of these years.
Naturally, many of these will be trying to 
meet the eligibility requirements to receive
their free airdrop tokens once they're revealed. 
So, this could result in more onchain activity
and speculation. Obviously, not all of MetaMask's 
users will do this. Many will have likely moved to
other competing chains like Salana for instance, 
which just so happens to have a wallet interface,
Phantom, that is far, far superior to MetaMasks. 
Others will have left the crypto space entirely
or switched to using competitors like Rabbi 
or Tandem. But the possibility of being sent
free money is too good for pretty much anyone 
to ignore, meaning that many will likely dust
off their old MetaMask wallets and return to 
crypto. Consider the headlines we've already
seen about the upcoming Mask token launch. Stuff 
like millions of crypto users to get free money.
Nothing grabs attention better than stories of 
people getting money for just playing around. So,
this could generate excitement that could 
even attract new people who have never
invested in or interacted with crypto before. With 
regulatory clarity making them more comfortable,
it could bring in millions of new crypto users 
and investors. And if the mask token launch is a
success, it could inspire other crypto companies 
to launch their own tokens. This could create
a positive feedback loop where new tokens are 
aird dropped to users, headlines are generated,
and more retail investors are attracted to the 
space. So, be sure to check your MetaMask wallet
for a potential airdrop once it's been announced. 
And keep a close eye on this story as it develops.
We know that we will because hey, after using 
MetaMask for all of these years, it's about time
we were compensated for what we've been through. 
Okay, if you want to see how the 2025 bull market
will change everything, then check out the video 
right over here. And if you want to know which
indicators you should be watching closely, then 
the video over here has you covered. Okay, thank
you all so much for watching and we'll see you 
again in the next one. This is Guy. Over and out.