This terrible price action in crypto has
given us pause and forced us to ask a
tough question. Should we continue to
cover Bitcoin? And the answer is sadly
no. So today we are having a funeral for
Bitcoin. It was fun while it lasted. So
many memories, so many friends. There
was Tom Lee and his calls for 20,000 by
year end. There was Novagrats and his
calls for 40,000. And there was Ripple.
I think we'll miss you most of all, Brad
Garlinghouse. And then there were the
characters, Bitcoin Jesus, the Oracle of
Bitcoin, all 500 of the Ethereum
co-founders, and who could forget the
Coinbase screen grab and mindless
trolling on Twitter. And of course, our
Bitcoin bug. Bitcoin is on shaky ground
today after the largest crypto sell-off
last Friday, reclaiming 115,000
yesterday and then dumping back to 110
again today. And just like clockwork,
the mainstream media is screaming,
"Bitcoin is dead again." But what if
they're wrong again? In this video, I'll
show you what Smart Money is doing right
now, what all coins they're buying, and
why this actually might be the biggest
opportunity of 2025. This is your
altcoin buzz news.
Hey, what's up everyone? My name is Cody
and if you're new here, make sure to
like, subscribe, and turn on
notifications so you enjoy
your crypto ventures. Also, make sure to
join us for X bases Tuesday to Friday at
9:00 a.m. EST. Link down below.
All right, good morning guys. Hopefully,
you are doing well. You didn't get
destroyed too much over the weekend.
This is something that no one could
really have ever predicted. Obviously,
our TA is, you know, completely thrown
out from what happened over the weekend
with this huge liquidation, which we're
going to get to in a second. Um, but one
thing I will say TA wise, and again, I
could have never predicted this, and I'm
not saying that I'm uh I called this,
but it definitely didn't make sense that
we didn't take out these stops down here
below and completely pumped up here to
basically the range high. So, went from
the range low to the range high, took
out the stops above here, and then
dumped back down here. So, I definitely
didn't predict that this would happen,
but it didn't make sense for us to go to
new all-time highs without taking out
stops down below here, which we have
clearly done now. And because our thesis
was every time we go to new highs, we
always take out the stops before going
higher. And so, you can see every time
here, we take out stops and then we wick
higher. And so, this seems to be the
ongoing case of liquidation. We even
came back, retested a little bit, but
then went higher. So, we always do this.
And the fact that we just made this
slightly higher high here down below
back around uh the Friday the 26th of
September. The fact that we didn't, you
know, we didn't retest these lows and we
just went straight up was a bit
concerning. But, you know, maybe it was
just October and everything was all
good. But unfortunately, that was not
the case. And so yesterday, uh, we were
pumping back up towards 116ish,000
and then we sold off overnight. We're
retesting this. I do imagine we'll
probably chop around here a little bit
more as as traders look to get into
positions. Either they start to sell or
they start to buy. You know, we came
back up here and anyone who's in the
spot thought, you know, okay, maybe it's
over and so they sold and now we're back
down here. And I imagine we're going to
chop around a little bit more before
coming back up. But I will say having
this all been done, this is the
prerequisite to go then higher. So this
is ultimately bullish for price. Even
though it's, you know, a devastating
thing that happened, this is ultimately
bullish for price because it means we
can go higher now. So, if you are still
in spot positions, I do think we have a
good rest of, you know, Q4. You know,
maybe it's not fully in October. We are
in the middle of October right now. So,
maybe towards the end of October, we
start to hit up here towards new
all-time highs and break out. I do think
we still have a very bullish Q4. Um, and
Bitcoin now having taken out all these
stops has, you know, fulfilled that
prerequisite to go much higher. And so I
do think that is uh still in the cards.
Now Hanzo says, "What really happened on
1010?" A recap. Binance just reminded
everyone who really runs the market.
This crash wasn't about Trump tariffs or
macro. That was the noise. The real
story happened inside the books. One
market maker you definitely know moved
$700 million to Binance hours before the
crash and $200 million of it was in
Bitcoin. If you notice, then as
traditional markets bled, crypto started
following, but something was off. The
order books on Binance went hollow. No
bids, no walls, just a free fall waiting
to happen. Now at $108,000, liquidation
pressure hit terminal velocity.
Binance's own market maker stopped
defending the price and pulled
liquidity. This is exactly why Atom went
to 0001. And the worst part, traders
could even fight back. On every other
exchange, you could close, hedge, or buy
the dip manually. On Binance, buttons
stopped working, stop orders froze, and
limit orders hung. Only liquidations
were executed perfectly, but not in the
way they should have been executed.
Think about it. your position on 50x
cross margin stops at negative 1% but
the market dumps 50% your stop loss
never hits your account gets nuked for
25x over your position and if you're
mirrored across different pairs it's
game over arbitrage bots amplified it
selling or price still held deepening
the fall and landing protocols
liquidated positions alts were down 80%
anything with 2x leverage or more was
gone guaranteed some positions with even
less leverage were liquidated hundreds
of portfolios erased some funds as well
and no one's admitting it publicly Yet
we can read between the lines. The
market just showed its real nature.
Unfair, manipulated, and merciless. Only
the strongest survived here. And
sometimes even they can't handle it. If
you're still here, bleeding but alive.
You've already passed the test. Most
never recover from. Don't quit now.
Learn what actually moves price. Now
influencers say it does. The next wave
rewards those who survived. So you can
see your winter meat selling sending to
Binance uh just hours before the drop.
But the Trump tariff news wasn't the
actual thing. It was just a cover so
that they could do this and sell off the
entire crypto market because you know
you know tradi it sold off 2% which was
a huge move um but it wasn't this you
know cascade of 80% across all altcoins
which we had in crypto. We also coin
bureau saying analysts warned the true
size of the largest crypto liquidation
could be up to $400 billion. Coin glass
says Binance API's throttling only
reflects 5% of liquidations during the
crash. If true, that's 20 times larger
than the $19 billion reported, which is
the largest crypto liquidation. Uh we
also have Praal who says all said and
done, regardless of what sparked it,
Friday was a flash crash, and flash
crashes usually recover in Vshapes back
to the prior price and range, usually go
on to make new highs shortly after. In
this case, we entirely wiped out all
leverage as well, higher. And so, I do
agree with him. I do think we will go
up. I don't know if it'll be a fully
year reversal. I mean it could um now
that we've fully you know wiped out all
the leverage but as we can see right now
it's you know a V reversal we would have
already gone back to the tops and so I
think you know people who started to
long here are now you know getting
tested again if they are actually have
conviction and so I don't think we're
going to just reverse straight back to
the highs. I could be wrong um but I
think we're going to chop around here
for another couple days and then we'll
start to go higher. And then Tony
Edwards says I see a bullish setup
coming which includes the following
macro factors and narratives. One Trump
backtracks or delays China tariffs. The
US government opens up, the Fed cuts
rates again, the Clarity Act gets
passed, and the SEC approves allcoin ETF
applications. This could all take place
within the next month. Now, moving on to
our first altcoin that smart money in
Wales are buying is SE. And we've not
telling SI buying more say as I can see
is undervalued relative to its
competitors and their adoption. SE's TVL
is up 5,000% since 2024, outpacing both
Sue and Aptos. The stable coin market
cap is up $300 million in 5 months. The
engagement is through the roof as say
flips sue in aos in daily active
addresses this month at 900 to a million
daily active addresses and from a
valuation perspective say is at 1.36
billion at 2.67 billion and sue at 10
billion say beats those two across
mostly all metrics and it's a fraction
of the market cap the cycle is about
liquidity stable coins per rwas say is
built exactly for that and I think this
play will be very obvious in hindsight
we also have Tanaka say is up 12.6% 6%
in the last 24 hours. Ranking 16 among
the best recovering coins in the market.
After a market pullback, identifying
coins that bounced back strong is key
and say network is one of them. We also
have Marco shares that says net inflows
is up 3.5x in the past 30 days. Now as
for TA for the altcoins, obviously this
is not something that you could have
really predicted. This has happened. So
all this TA is essentially useless from
before. At this point where we are in
the TA, if you want to buy these
altcoins, you need to be doing it spot
and not on leverage because it is very
possible we could still bleed out a
little bit and then continue upwards.
But I think when we do that continue
upwards leg, it's not going to be very
forgiving. I think we're going to go up
very fast. So at some point we will
just, you know, chop around like this.
But I think when we do start going up,
it's going to start going up very fast
and things will accelerate. And so I
don't know if you'll have a lot of time
to get in. So, if you do believe in any
any of these altcoins and you want to
buy any of these, buy them spot and you
have to do it from a fundamental uh
perspective because the TA right now
isn't necessarily lining up. I mean,
this is, you know, it broke all these
levels obviously and so we are
underneath this. This is an underside
retest and so it could very well go
down. So, at some point though, we will
continue higher. If you do believe we
are still going up in Q4, uh we will
continue higher. safe to buy these from
a fundamental uh analysis perspective,
not necessarily a technical analysis
because we've broken all these trend
lines. We've broken down, we've taken
out all the stops in that you could say
that bullish and we've taken out all the
stops below here and now we'll continue
upwards. So, you could say that from a
TA perspective. Um, but most of these
they've lost our TA. We're going to have
to reset it all. Um, and once we start
to reclaim these, you could say, "Hey,
we've reclaimed these lows here. I'll
buy it once or above 27 cents." Or you
could also buy it down here at 20 cents.
and you know you save yourself you know
buying you know about 35% higher. So if
you want to buy it now you could do a
spot. So you could buy it 35% higher if
you want to let wait for the TA level
reclaim and you could wait for that. Um
but it's just kind of what you believe
in if you think this is a strong
fundamental coin pretty much across all
the altcoins. We're going to go over it
right now. And so for the next coin we
have Kevin Olir aka Mr. Wonderful who
says I find that all roads from security
and speed are linked to the sooie
network. So he said this
>> increasing my concentration in a few
tokens uh as opposed to having as I used
to have 27 I don't need that anymore
because I've realized you can get the
full volatility the full alpha the full
price exploration and transparency with
just four that's all you need and so for
me it's Bitcoin obviously for 25%
um for the longest of time and you just
quoted the price of Ethereum it's still
the granddaddy in terms of level one
chain. Uh Salana has got a lot of
interest in it. But the there's nothing
wrong with those two and I own those two
as well except
when enterprise is now finally after 12
years starting to talk about going on
chain. Neither of those are fast enough.
You can wait minutes for a transaction
on Ethereum. And the same with Salana
because they're single lane highways.
And so I just got back from Singapore.
I'm always trying to skate to where the
puck is going to go. Uh looking at
development for enterprise, the big box
retailers for example, the stock
exchange. Where are they putting their
bets? Because that's where I want to
invest as well. Uh because they're
looking at speed and security. Those are
the two metrics they care about. And
then I find then I find that all roads
from security and speed are leaving are
leading to Suie which is the Japanese um
pronunciation domestically we call it
sui but this chain was founded by Evan
Chan who left Facebook years ago and
formed Miston Labs that community is on
fire because they're solving for speed
for enterprise right now. The Greek
stock exchange is running on sooie. I
mean, nobody knows that, but I found
that out in Singapore and many other
financial institutions are saying, well,
how are they doing that? Same with
inventory management. It's almost
instantaneous because it's a multi-lane
highway, almost unlimited number of
lanes as opposed to the restriction of
Salana or Ethereum. So, um, yes, I'm
investing in that and that that's that's
a new conversation that you and I have
not had, but that is going to get a full
waiting in in my holdings.
>> And we also have box mining who says,
"Don't sleep on Sooie." Now, TVL is
above $2.6 billion now, a 12.82%
increase over the past week. And DeFi
activities are heating up with Cedus,
Bluefin, and Sooie Lending. Price is
lagging behind TVL growth, but long-term
value capture is in play. Now, again,
Sue pretty much in the same spot. It
needs to reclaim this if you want a
actual TA level reclaim. Now you can buy
it here or you can wait for a level
reclaim somewhere around $35 and you can
get a little bit higher with a little
bit more confirmation. That's what I was
looking for confirmation that we are
going higher. Um or you can just wait
and accumulate or DCA over the next
couple days um as we potentially just
chop around here maybe test some of
these lows again and then come back up
higher and do something like that. So
that's a very real possibility. A lot of
times we do chop, grind lower, test
people's conviction, and then continue
higher, which is a good reason to be
buying a lot of these on spot and just
waiting. And then for our last altcoin
that Smart Money is buying, we have BNB,
who smashes new all-time highs right
after the biggest crypto liquidation
ever, which is incredible. And you know,
it also has to do with Binance as well.
Uh BNB is really cooking massive inflows
from every other major uh blockchain
flowing in to BNB. We also have Mario
who says Trump considers pardon for
Binance founder CZ. The White House is
in talks over potential pardon for
Binance's founder, CZ, who served four
months in prison after pleading guilty
to violating the Bank Secrecy Act. CZ
paid $50 million in fines and stepped
down as CEO, while Biden shelled out
$4.3 billion and agreed to
anti-moneyaundering reforms. A pardon
should clear Sezy's felony record,
reverse state bans on Binance, and set
him up to return to power, which would
be kind of crazy if that does happen. I
wonder if he actually wants it. A lot of
times he's been saying he's he's happy
that he's not a part of Binance anymore
so he can focus on uh Aster and these
other projects that are more
decentralized. Um but I also don't think
that he would hate the idea of returning
to power at Binance if that was a
possibility. Um because obviously he
still loves crypto and he's still very
much involved in crypto. So we'll have
to see what happens there. But uh BNB
BNB though is a very hard coin to uh to
chart right now. we have this kind of M,
you know, formation, the McDonald's logo
going on right now. So, we went back to
new all-time highs. Everyone sold off,
you know, as prices sold off and the
rest of the market sold off as well. Um,
so I do think this is going to continue
higher. I think they're going to
continue to push this price even higher.
It's just do you want to be buying it
right here, which is probably better
than buying it up here. Um, I think, you
know, it's probably a pretty good area
of anywhere between a,090 and around
1,50. Anywhere around here is probably a
pretty good area as we continue up
higher um over the next coming weeks.
But you're also going to have to be
buying this spot because this is a super
volatile coin as well right now.
Everyone is getting liquidated. Whether
you're longing, shorting, longing,
shorting, you know, everyone is getting
wiped clean right now. So I definitely
avoid I would definitely avoid leverage
right now and uh definitely avoid
especially high leverage and trying to
make it all back. Then last today we
have Apex Fusion expands across chains
with layer 0's integration. So the
project announced that it nexus chain is
now live with layer zero linking it to
more than 145 support networks including
popular ecosystems such as Salana,
Ethereum and base. The integration also
establishes a direct route to Cardano's
UTXO liquidity through Apex Fusion's
vector chain effectively bridging two of
the most influential blockchain
communities Cardano Ethereum for the
first time. The collaboration marks a
first in blockchain interoperability
where Apex Fusion becomes the first
ecosystem to connect UTXO based networks
like Cardano with EVM compatible chains
through layer zero's messaging protocol.
Developers building on Nexus can now
deploy applications that reach over 60
layers connected ecosystems. This
unlocks the ability to create true omni
chain applications or O apps which can
move assets and data seamlessly across
networks while benefiting from unified
liquidity. And the integration also
extends support for Stargate and the
omni chain fungeible token or OFT
patterns which enables smooth transfers
of native assets between chains. The
next development phase will introduce a
vector to nexus route bring Cardano
native assets deeper into the layer zero
network strengthening Apex Fusion's role
as a connector between previously
isolated ecosystems. So that is Apex
Fusion and layer 0. And that is the
video for today guys. I think we are
going to continue to chop around a
little bit more but I do think we
ultimately go higher uh in towards the
end of this month and in Q4. So I'm
still very bullish on that. I think
we're just kind of going to kind of test
people's convictions at these lows here.
Again, if you bought anywhere around
here on leverage, they're going to
really test you and see if you want to
hold that position. But if you bought
spot, I think you are fine. Just buy
spot, wait uh for the end of the month,
and I believe still a bullish Q4. So
that's the video for today, guys. I hope
you enjoyed and I'll see you