Hey guys, welcome back to the channel.
Today I'm going to show you how I get my
clients to go from this to this. Now,
getting a tourlike impact is deceptively
simple, but the final kind of impact
position we're always after is often
developed and uh created much earlier in
the swing than just at impact. So, if
you've got a bad impact position and
you're just trying to change impact, you
might only be looking at 5% of the total
picture. What I'm going to do today is
show you how I go about getting people
to deliver, you know, that shaft lean,
that pressure on the handle so that you
can get way more yardage per mile an
hour of input and you don't have to try
as hard when you're out on the golf
course next. So the characteristic you
see with so many really good ball
strikers is the fact that as they're
coming down, you can see that their
trail hand is almost on top of the golf
club. Now, this is exactly what I feel
when I'm really striking it well. I go
from kind of halfway down where I feel
as if I'm almost applying a pressure on
the top of the handle and then I'm
really rotating through and just trying
to maintain that pressure for as long as
I can. And this is not a not a pull, but
it's just almost like a squeeze on the
top of the golf club. One of the
characteristics from someone who is not
such a good ball striker is that that
trail hand is often either out towards
the camera where I've got you there
because they're trying to tuck the elbow
under. That's opening the face up and
doing all those kind of horrible things.
Or it's matched up with their lead hand
being too extended. So, knuckles up at
the bottom of the swing. Why is this
particularly bad? Well, if you try and
just pull the handle across, which I
wouldn't want you to do, you are often
going to see an awful lot
of either extremely open club faces or
you'll end up releasing it more and
more. Say, for example, if I'm coming
down like this, right hand on the side
of the golf club, left hand on the top,
and then I have to throw,
I'll start to lose all my energy, want
to stall out my body, and often see the
pull shot being very, very frequent on
the golf course. So, if you're able to
get your trail hand
more on top at your P6 position, you
should feel like the toe of the golf
club is just overhanging the heel. And
then as you move through, we're not
trying to jam the handle across as hard
as we can, but instead as we set this
spot, all we're really doing is shifting
across. That moves the low point forward
and then rotating around into our lead
side. Also making sure the handle has an
arc to it. Everything is always on an
arc. So I can't move the handle straight
across. It's got to move across and in.
What's the secret source of that? I'm
not just trying to pull the handle
across and suck it inwards. As you can
see, that would often deliver
the dreaded heel strike, okay, every
time. But instead, if I can get that
right hand on top, I've set the club
face angle, and then I move across onto
my left side, shift my weight across,
and then rotate into my lead side, I
should be able to control
the position of the grip via my body
movements, but I'm not really trying to
do anything with my hands down at the
bottom. So, we missed a few numbers, but
that strike felt night and day different
compared to the one before that. So,
what's really happening? Well, it's
often to do with the grip and wrist
angle matchup. I just wanted to take a
quick second in this video to tell you
about my new channel sponsor, Swing
Coach. Swing Coach is the app that will
start to bring together your feels and
reels and accelerate your rate of
learning. I've been working on this with
clients and in my own game, and changes
that would usually take months are
suddenly only taken days. The main
highlight of the app is that it gives
you audible feedback as to where you are
in your swing. So, you select a
parameter. It can be swing plane,
takeaway, hand path, hip depth to name a
few. And it will rate you from a scale
of 1 to 10. One being you're very close
to average, and 10 being you're too far
away from average. Once you've made a
few swings, you will see my icon appear
in the top corner of your screen, and it
will suggest a drill that I filmed in
this video here to help you with that
particular problem. So, all you need to
do is click on the link in the
description below or scan the barcode in
this bottom corner here and it will give
you a 2 week free trial to the app.
There is no reason not to try it. I
think you'll absolutely love it. And as
always, let me know how you get on.
Grip, you can grip it however you like.
Okay? Look at the top 50 players in the
world and they will all grip it
differently. Coaches like to pick their
favorite players because of how they
hold it or how they swing it, which is
totally fine. But the real truth is you
can hold it in in lots of different
ways. You can be really strong, you can
be really weak. You know, Color Cower
bowing that lead wrist down as much as
he can. You then get people like Dustin
Johnson. Okay, bit of an anomaly, but
super strong with the grip and bowed
with the wrist, but extends his lead
wrist up through impact, keeping the
face square and hits fades. You get Matt
Fitzpatrick, very strong gripper, very
cuped at the top, quite a lot of pull.
So, you know, there's lots of ways to do
it, but for us mere mortals, not looking
at pros, what's the easiest? For me, I
found that if you grip it neutral and
flatten your lead wrist, it will
restrict the amount of radial deviation,
we call it. Okay? the amount of kind of
hinging which inevitably will open a
blade up and it would reduce the amount
of throw required on the way down to
square it up. So for me,
if you can set your angles going up and
you don't have to do anything with them,
give or take on the way down,
playing golf, it so much easier. When we
play badly, certainly when I play badly,
it's often when I've got down swing
thoughts, okay, I've got something from
the top to the bottom to try and sort
out. And imagine if that part of your
swing is only over in 0.2 of a second.
Okay, if that how you know we're not F1
drivers. I I can't think that quickly
over and over and over again. So
inevitably the output gets you know or
has uh it fluctuates way too much
because it depends on the success I have
of changing the thing on the way down.
Yeah. Whereas let's say for example we
went through a little routine where you
would go set up neutral grip. You then
go P2. Yeah. Shaft in line with the toe
line. Lead wrist flat. Right wrist
already getting into that position on
top. Maintain as you turn to the top.
Maintain as you turn down and clip.
Okay. And you should start to find that
getting the angle of of attack up. And
feeling as if you start to compress the
ball with that lower flight comes
naturally. But it's it's all about for
me that position of the right hand. If I
can get that feeling on top and I can
feel that weight load up, then I'm
really just thinking about shifting
across and opening up. But if we're
here, right hand almost on the side of
the club, I've got to then try and use
forearm rotation and storm my body out
to try and square the club face up. So,
this has always felt
the worst for me. But it it's so so
common that it just becomes so natural
for people and it's hard to change. But
I think if you change it earlier via
working on your grip, working on where
you get to at the top, and then just
trying to maintain it for as long as you
can, I think there is some some success
there to be had. So, we're going to go
P2. Okay. Club over club over the heel.
Toe over the heel. Right hand on top.
Lead is flat. Turn it up. Turn it down.
Rotate
through. I mean, that just felt
incredible. It's probably a slight
block, but you know, a shallow amount of
turf interaction, but nearly seven
degrees down.
So, to summarize, I think if you can get
the grip into a place where it feels
good for you, there is no right or
wrong, but then using that right hand to
feel more on top and apply the pressure
as if you're kind of pushing on
something, but it's almost like your
hands pushing like this. Okay? So the
weight of the golf club is putting your
wrist into extension, not a pushing like
this where you try and throw the head of
the golf club. It's this pressure on the
handle of the golf club. And then it's
our job to try and maintain that as we
shift and move across.
I think if you can do that, you'll be
well on your way to striking it a ton
better.
Okay guys, that's all from me. I hope
all of that made sense. If you get any
questions, just drop them in the
comments box down below. If you did
enjoy the video, please feel free to
subscribe to the channel. There is more
coming, hopefully weekly videos to help
you get to a much more consistent place
with your golf. See you in the next one.