Australia is officially one of the most
expensive places to rent on the planet.
It's the highest monthly increase in
almost 2 years. Please hear me out so I
could at least get this off my chest. I
no longer think that it makes any
financial sense for most people to buy a
house.
>> Housing affordability is at its worst
level in more than two decades.
>> Prices have increased at that rate for
25 years.
>> If you wanted to buy a house outright,
you'd have to use say 4.5 years worth of
salary. Now, if you want to buy a house
outright, you've got to save 12 years of
your salary.
Well, my most recent video on the conj
job of the Australian government's most
recent housing policy, which is designed
to make it look like it's going to help
young people get into the housing
market, when in fact, it's just going to
keep the housing bubble going. I want to
show why you're not going to get that
out of the current crop of politicians
because they have benefited from rising
house prices and they want to see that
growth of house prices continue. This
was said by the Australian housing
minister in an interview on Triple J
last year. Let's have a listen.
>> Why don't you want to be seeing house
prices drop?
>> It's not the view of our government. We
want to see sustainable price growth. We
want to see more houses come online. We
want to see that rental vacancy rate go
up a bit because that will relieve
pressure on renters and we certainly
want to see more homeowners.
>> If house prices don't come down, doesn't
that mean that this system is stacked
against young people? our our
government's um you know policies are
not going to reduce house prices. Um we
want house prices to grow sustainably.
>> Well, let's take a look at the long-term
data here because at one point the
system was stacked in favor of young
people and it was stacked in favor of
young people when she was young. Me too.
But I didn't speculate as all the other
politicians. So here we can see data
going back to 1975. And by the way, if
you want to use my proprietary software,
Ravvel for economic analysis too, you
get it as a free bonus inside my 7-week
Rebel Economist Challenge. like over 600
people have already done. To learn more,
apply at steveken.com on the mean house
price in Sydney and the mean income in
New South Wales. And back in 1975 when
Clare and all her fellow ministers and
all the fellow fellow opposition members
as well were young people, the ratio of
the average house price in Sydney to the
average income in New South Wales was
about 4.5. So if you wanted to buy a
house outright, you'd have to use say
4.5 years worth of salary. Now, if you
want to buy a house outright, you've got
to save 12 years of your salary. It was
in the favor of young people then. The
young people then are old people now,
and they want this to keep on going.
Now, it simply can't. You have to reduce
that ratio, or you have to make it
possible for people to buy despite this
incredible ratio of house prices to
income. I'm going to suggest three means
by that can be done. Then I'll cover
them in detail in a subsequent video.
The first I call the pill and that
stands for property income limited
leverage. We should limit the amount of
lending that banks can do some
reasonable multiple of the rental income
that a property can earn. Secondly, I'm
calling the affordable housing authority
and this will be a government authority
that lends without charging interest.
But I need to explain why that's
possible. And the third totally unlikely
to happen but it would get us out of
this trap. I call a modern debt jubilee.
Now, before I can explain those, I need
to get some myths out of your heads, if
you have them in your heads, because
these myths will make my ideas sound
crazy when in fact, it's the myths that
are crazy and the current situation that
is crazy and unsustainable. And those
myths relate to how banks operate. Myths
are all taught by mainstream textbooks.
So, politicians like Clare and I presume
Al Anthony Albanesi, though he did a
degree at a university department that I
helped create. So I'm rather disgusted
that he hasn't learned the world is
different to what's taught by mainstream
textbooks. But they all learned that
banks don't actually lend money. Banks
instead in the textbook model are what
they call intermediaries. And what they
do is they enable savers to lend to
borrowers. Now if that was the case then
it would be quite reasonable for savers
to want to receive interest because when
the savers lend to the borrowers, the
savers have less money. They're doing
without money to enable the borrowers to
spend more. So of course the savers
should get compensated with interest and
that's the model that's taught by
textbooks. So let's take a look at that
model. Both savers and borrowers have
bank accounts at the private banks. If
savers lend then their accounts go down
and the accounts of borrowers go up. If
borrowers repay then this becomes
negative and goes in the opposite
direction. The debt is not an asset of
the bank. It's an asset of the saver.
And if I run the model you'll see that
there's no change in GDP. GDP here is
simp here is simply the money supply
multiplied by the velocity of money and
there's no money created when you run
this model if there's no lending going
on then no change in anything of course
but if if savers lend say 1% of GDP then
of course their bank accounts fall and
the bank account of borrowers rises at
some point you've got to stop that
otherwise the s the savers will run out
of money completely so let's go in the
opposite direction and imagine that
borrowers pay some of their debt off
then the debt ratio falls as well and
money goes back into the savers
accounts. So I've made all these radical
changes to the level of credit and
nothing has happened to GDP. So this is
the model that sits inside the minds of
most politicians whether aware of it or
not and it justifies charging interest
on loans because the lender is doing
without something to enable the borrower
to have something. Obviously you deserve
compensation for that for that loss. But
this isn't the real world. The debt is
not an asset of the saver. The banks do
the lending. So I can simply delete debt
being shown as an asset of the saver
there and delete this lending operation
and say the debt is actually owned by
the banks. So I do that. Now let's run
the model once more. All I've changed is
the who we say the debt is actually
owned by. And I've gone from a myth that
the savers have the debt to the reality
that the banks own the debt. Run the
model. Nothing happens without any
credit of course. But if there is credit
then GDP rises because the extra money
borrowed is actually creating money. The
debt rises and so does the amount of
money in the borrower's accounts. The
savers are unaffected. Their money is
not being lent. The bank is creating new
money. And in this world, the fact that
they charge interest is not because
they're being compensated for doing
without anything because the banks are
creating this money in the process. It's
part of the business that they do and
they expect interest as part of their
business mechanism. So that's the real
world. If in that world we have a
increase in credit, GDP rises. If we
have a fall in credit, GDP falls, you've
lost the moral reason for paying
interest. So we can imagine a system
where there's a another lender who
doesn't need to be paid interest. And if
that was the case, if you borrowed from
that lender, the amount of money you'd
pay would not include having to pay for
the interest as well. And a smaller
amount of money could buy a larger
house. And I'll show that in the next
video. But that's the first myth we need
to get rid of. Now, how could you fund
an organization like that? Well,
according to the textbooks, you couldn't
because the way that they show the
government is much the same. They
imagine the government borrows from the
private sector as well. So, this is now
a model of the way that government
finances are taught in economic
textbooks. And they again teach that the
banks don't actually lend money. It's
the private sector that lends to the
government. So what I have here is both
the private sector and the government
bank at private banks. If the government
spends money then it puts that money
into private bank accounts. So
government spending increases private
bank accounts. Taxation reduces it. Now
if the government spends more than it
takes back in taxation. It's required by
law to sell bonds to cover that
difference. So the bonds transfer money
from the private sector back to the
government again. And of course the
government has to pay interest on those
bonds. And the rules that apply are that
if the government runs a deficit, it has
to pay sell bonds equivalent to the
deficit plus interest on existing bonds.
Now, this is the model that most
politicians have in their heads. That
means they're terrified of running a
deficit because in this model, a deficit
leads to a catastrophe where government
debt ends up being thousands of times
GDP. So if I run it with even just a 1%
of GDP deficit here, then we have debt
ratios rise and they rise exponentially.
You can see the curvature turning up
already. And this is only a 1% of GDP
deficit. Most governments are running
between 3 and 6% these days. So even
with a 1% of GDP deficit, you get an
enormous level of government debt over
time. After 30 years, it's past 100% of
GDP. If I run it for 100 years, the debt
ratio will be 3,000% of GDP. interest
payments be one and a half times GDP.
There's no way this is sustainable. At
the same time, the private sector would
say, "We're not going to lend you
anymore." End of story. And that's the
crisis that all the politicians today
think they're avoiding by trying to
reduce deficits and in fact run
surpluses. Now, it's another myth.
Again, it presumes that the bonds which
are sold by the government to cover its
operations are sold to the private
sector. That's just not true. So, let's
just stop the model and let's rearrange
things. And first of all, the bonds are
not assets of the private sector. In the
first instance, they're sold to the
banks. Secondly, the bonds are not sold
to the private sector. So, we delete
that operation and delete interest as
well. And it's also not true that the
government banks at the private bank.
Governments have some accounts at
private banks, but predominantly
governments bank at the banks they own,
which is the central bank. The
government sells bonds to the private
banks. It doesn't sell them to the
private sector. Now let's see what
happens when we have the same deficit 1%
of GDP. What actually happens? And what
we get is growth in GDP because the
government spending is creating money in
people's bank accounts. It's increasing
reserves on the other side. You get an
increase in GDP coming out of this. And
the debt ratio, as you'll see, isn't
going infinite. It's going to taper. In
this model, because I've set the
velocity of money to two here, it'll
taper to 50% of GDP. there is no debt
crisis in the real world. So, it's
possible for the government to create
money for a range of socially useful
functions. One of those could be
establishing an affordable housing
authority. And I'll show how that might
work in future videos. This is potential
ways to get it out of the crisis we're
in, which has been caused by
irresponsible bank lending. And in a
sense, banks will fall into
irresponsible lending unless their
behavior is controlled. And the simple
reason is they make a profit by creating
debt. So of course they're going to try
to create as much debt as possible. We
go and take a look at the Australian
data on that front. If we go back to the
1970s, private debt, household debt was
less than 30 was less than 40% of GDP,
34% of GDP. It rose to 120%. That's what
gave us a housing bubble. Now at the
same time, the initial explosion of
irresponsible lending by the banking
sector wasn't to households. It was to
speculative businesses. and business
debt went from 36% of GDP as you can see
there up to almost 80% of GDP and then
there was a stock market crash and that
crash caused share prices to fall 25% in
one day was a larger crash than anything
had happened back in Wall Street at the
same time a larger crash than happened
even in Wall Street during the great
depression so at that point banks could
no longer encourage the business sector
to take on more debt and you can see
that business debt fluctuated around up
and down in various cycles. Business
debt is about 60% of GDP and there's no
trend. Now, I thought after the
experience of the stock market crash in
1987 that banks would be chasened for a
while and there wouldn't be any
particular growth in lending. I was
wrong because you can see it here in the
data. As soon as they could no longer
lend to the business sector, they
started lending to households and this
is when the household bubble took off.
So way back in the 1980s, household debt
was about 40% of GDP. It rose to more
than 120%. And that's what gave us the
housing bubble. The lending by banks to
households created money which didn't
inflate the real economy, it inflated
asset prices. And this again is a
mechanism that escapes mainstream
economists because they pretend that
credit doesn't matter. But the mechanism
is actually quite simple. and that is
that supply of housing is obviously very
rigid. Houses are much harder to
construct than making ordinary consumer
goods. So you can effectively treat the
supply of housing as fixed. That means
the demand is the main thing that is
going to determine change in prices. Now
where does the demand come from? Because
you have to borrow money to buy a house.
The main source of demand for new
housing is an increase in mortgage debt.
So there's a relationship between new
mortgage debt and the level of house
prices. There is therefore a
relationship between change in new
mortgage debt and the rate of change of
house prices. If it's new mortgages that
are determining level of house prices,
therefore the change in mortgage debt
sets the level of house prices. The
change in the change in mortgage debt
sets the rate of change of house prices.
And you can see how tightly these two
fit together. The correlation is
ridiculous over the a 45 year period to
get a correlation that high. This is how
I've got trapped. So, we've got to get
out of that trap. What are possible ways
to do that? One is to establish an
affordable housing authority that lends
to people who are below the average wage
or below the median, let's say, who
simply can't afford to get into the
market right now. If you look at the
level of lending, it's completely
disconnected from incomes. There was a
4:1 or 4 and a 4.5 to1 ratio between
house prices and incomes. Then there's a
12:1 ratio. Now, we can't allow that to
continue. We've got to bring it down. So
one way would be to regulate the banks
to say that they can lend no more than a
multiple of the rental income of the
property being purchased. And a third
issue is the level of of private debt.
So this is now looking at level of
government debt. Obviously this is the
thing which around the world politicians
are obsessing about. The Australian
government's actually got quite a low
level of of debt. It was down to 10% of
GDP. It's now up to about 50% of GDP.
And that's what politicians obsess
about. So obviously if that's what
they're obsessing about, private debt
must be smaller. Eh, let's find out. Ah,
there's government debt and there's
private. Private debt is far higher than
government debt. And this is the rule
for most developed economies around the
world. Private debt is far larger than
government debt. Politicians are
obsessing about this one. This is the
one that matters. We have to tame the
banking sector. And that's where my
three proposals come in. And I'll talk
about all three of those policies in
detail in the next video. Like many
other truth seekers and want to learn 50
years of real economics from me in only
seven weeks, you'll love my new 7we
rebel economist challenge as well. To
apply, go to stevek.com. If you qualify,
you can attend my lectures, ask me
questions personally every week, and
make friends with a great group of
like-minded people. So again, like many
others, go to stevek.com to apply as
well for the 7-week Rebel Economist
Challenge. Good luck.