I love a good graphical representation
of reality. Now, they're never perfect.
There's always data that's being left
out, but I'm going to talk today about
one that contains a lot of information
and was took a little bit of time for me
to parse. And once I did, it kind of
terrified me. I'm going to show it to
you as well. What a good little
visualization we have on our hands here.
How Nvidia and OpenAI fuel the AI money
machine. So, very quickly to explain,
Nvidia makes the chips that do the
compute that creates the artificial
intelligence systems. OpenAI is the
biggest company that creates the systems
that use those chips to create
artificial intelligence systems that do
stuff. Not just the chatbot, but also
all of the other things that it does,
including, you know, Sora 2, which
you've heard my opinion on. And then
there's Microsoft. You've heard of them.
AMD is another chipmaker like Nvidia,
Oracle, and a few others in here like
Cororeweave, possibly some others. I
actually don't know what all these
companies are. I think Nscale might be
one as well, but it's the little dot.
Little dot. Oracle and Cororeweave at
least are the companies that have build
like the data centers and they buy chips
from Nvidia and then they like lease out
the compute. They sell that. So
basically Intel and AMD and Nvidia sell
chips to the AI companies or to the data
center companies and then the data
center companies sell the compute to the
AI companies. Sometimes the middleman
running the data center is there,
sometimes it's not there. But in either
case, Nvidia is doing very well because
so many people want their chips right
now. But we can think of it as like AI
companies, chip companies, and then the
middlemen, compute companies. What the
AI companies want is to be able to keep
existing right now. Open AAI worth $500
billion has $12 billion of revenue.
That's not profit. That's the amount of
money they made total. Their profit is
deeply in the negative. And Nvidia has
extremely high profit. They make way
more money than they spend because
people really want their chips right
now. And so they'll pay way extra for
them. And they're the best chips.
They're the best chips. Crunch, crunch,
crunch, crunch, crunch, crunch, crunch,
crunch, crunch, crunch, crunch. There's
a huge amount of demand for those chips.
The prices are way up. It's very good
for Nvidia. That's why they are the
largest company in the world and are one
company that is worth more than the
entire pharmaceutical industry combined.
But even then, even with their
absolutely bonkers margin that they have
right now, their price to earnings ratio
is extremely high. So the value of all
Nvidia stock combined is much higher
than you would see with a normal
company, which indicates to belief among
investors that the prices of those chips
will keep going up and the number of
chips produced will keep going up. So
Nvidia desperately wants to keep the
prices of their chips the same or
higher. They want the demand to increase
faster than supply, but they also want
to increase supply dramatically so that
they can sell more things. So like more
sales and more profit equals more
earnings. People who are sort of on the
AI isn't a bubble train right now. What
they're saying is, well, if it's a
bubble, why are the prices of Nvidia
chips continuing to increase? There's a
huge amount of demand there. People are
buying them. That can't be entirely
irrational. So keep that in mind. the
demand for Nvidia chips far outstrips
the supply of Nvidia chips and the idea
is that will continue to be the case
even as supply increases but first
quickly the sponsor of this video ground
news I don't know about you but one
thing I notic is that when I start to
like have a preference for a kind of
content YouTube is like here's all of
that kind of content and that can get my
head stuck in a reality that might not
be actually representative of reality
ground news is an app and a website I'm
on the website version right now that
gathers how different outlets cover the
same story all in one place. It shows
you who's reporting, what they're
saying, and even where they fall on the
political spectrum. There's a little
blind spot bias feature where sometimes
you do find that the stuff that is
really covered on one side of the other
is meant to outrage you a little bit.
But there is this story about Governor
Nuomo signing a new law to protect kids
from the risks of AI chatbots. I do not
know about this. I had not heard about
this at all until I like went on and
there it was. Not covered really by many
people at all, but mostly covered by
organizations on the left. One of my
favorite things is that over here you
can actually like see all the outlets
that have covered it. And then you can
pick the ones that you already know do a
good job. So like Los Angeles Times or
the AP. Also the ones that you might
have already paid for and not have to
worry about a payw wall, which I
sometimes do with the LA Times, though
in this case it appears not. Uh they're
letting me have this one. It requires
chatbot operators to have procedures to
prevent the production of suicide or
self harm content and put in guardrails
such as referring users to a suicide
hotline or crisis text line. It seems
like a good idea and unfortunately I
know why. They have had to do this. And
it's not the only bill he signed. Some
of the other legislation he signed
tackled issues such as age verification,
social media awarding labels, and the
spread of AI non-consensual sexually
explicit content. And again, I will say
one thing I like about Ground News is
that it doesn't break the business model
of the news. You can go to the place and
actually look at the thing, whether you
signed up for the payw wall for that
specific outlet or whether they're ad
supported like the AP is. One of my
biggest frustrations with the internet
is not knowing whether I'm informed or
just trapped in an algorithmic bubble.
you can see with your eyes how different
headlines are between Fox News or
Reuters or The Guardian, and it can help
you realize why people are having
totally different conversations about
the same event. Subscribe to get 40% off
the Vantage plan with the QR code on the
screen right now or at the link in the
description, which is ground.new/hank.
That's pretty easy to remember. It's a
pretty cool product that saves me time
and it means that I'm not always finding
my news on social media feed, which are
not known for their accuracy or nuance.
Okay, back to the video. We're going to
leave the middleman aside right now and
we're going to look at the AI companies
cuz then what you have is OpenAI, a
company that's now worth a half a
trillion dollars according to a recent
fund raise. And OpenAI has $12 billion
of revenue. It has no profit and it is
by far the largest AI company. And with
this $12 billion of revenue, they are
spending hundreds of billions of dollars
on these chips. And OpenAI, I don't want
to say that like they couldn't do more
than they're doing right now, but
they're not like brand new. They've been
selling their services for a while now.
Could they increase the price of their
services? Yes. Do they seem to think
that that would be the thing that does
it for them? No. Like they're creating
feeds inside of their systems. Now
they've got a feed inside of ChatGpt
where like when you open it, it's like,
"Hey, just like read some stuff. Just
read some stuff that I prepared for you.
Instead of asking me questions, here's
stuff that we think based on what you've
talked to me about before you might be
interested in." And the play there is
obvious to me, which is they've said
that they don't want to put ads inside
of the experience of you just asking it
questions, but they haven't said that
they won't put ads inside of the stuff
that it just provides to you. And if
it's just providing stuff for me, maybe
sometimes it will provide stuff for me
that paid to be there. Also, maybe like
Sora's slop talk thing is also a thing
where they could put ads though. I can't
imagine that anyone thinks that that
there will actually be a lot of people
who spend time on slap talk, but maybe.
You never know. irrational exuberance
and all that. And thus you have the
other side of the argument. The people
who say that this is probably a bubble,
they're saying, "Okay, well, there's
demand for OpenAI services. People use
them. They're using them more and more
as time goes on. But you can't say that
at the moment the demand is outstripping
the supply. There's plenty of supply to
meet the demand. And right now, OpenAI,
according I think to them, they lose
money every single time you use one of
their products. like the amount that it
costs to train and use the models is
more than the amount that they are
charging even for their top $200 a month
tier. In that case, it's possible that
they could charge 10 times more to their
enterprise clients and to their consumer
clients and all those people would keep
paying and they would be a profitable
company. But would that actually work?
Like would the $200 a month people pay
$2,000 a month? But even more than that,
is it true that the demand for Nvidia's
chips is increasing or is Nvidia
creating that demand? And likewise, is
it true that the demand for OpenAI
services is increasing? Or are they
increasing that demand? So, let's start
with OpenAI. There's obviously a lot of
arrows coming in and out of this. We're
going to start with the ones that have
green arrows. There's a healthcare
company, Harvey, and Anphere. These are
companies that pay money to OpenAI, but
that OpenAI's venture arm has also
invested in. So they're investing in
these companies and then the companies
buy services from OpenAI. That's a bit
of a loop. Now they're not investing
like the exact same amount of money.
Probably they're investing less than the
companies are paying but that is an
example of like a circular system here.
We also see these green arrows which is
venture capital pointing out from Nvidia
to Maestro to figure and XAI and all of
those people take that venture capital
investment and then they buy Nvidia
chips. So, if you're in the anti-bubble
case, then you do have to ask, well, why
does Nvidia have to invest in these
companies in order for them to buy their
not it's not like a quid proquo here,
but like why can't the companies just
get investment from elsewhere outside of
Nvidia to do those investments? It's a
little weird and I think that it makes
sense that people are worried about it.
Now, none of these arrows have dollar
values on them, which is a little bit
frustrating for me, except for the most
important one, the one that sort of
created this whole conversation about
roundtpping, which is this one. Nvidia
has agreed to invest up to hundred
billion in Open AI. And that investment
comes along with the purchase of chips.
So, to unlock more and more of that
investment, they have to buy more and
more of the chips. That's basically
paying Open AI to buy Nvidia chips. Now,
it's not like the exact price of the
chips. It's less than the price of the
chips. So basically about a quarter of
the money that the chips cost is getting
discounted off the price of the chips.
And in exchange, and I am simplifying
here, but in exchange for that 25%
discount, Nvidia is getting ownership
shares in OpenAI. At the same time as
that is happening, with this money going
to OpenAI, OpenAI signs a $300 billion
deal with the middleman, Oracle, who's
now build the data centers and run the
data centers. $300 billion on revenue of
12 billion for a company that is not
brand new, that has been around and that
everybody knows about and that lots of
people use and that lots of people have
found a hard time figuring out how it
integrates well into businesses in a way
that is worth spending a lot of money.
$12 billion. They have these huge
contracts with lots of companies, but
still $12 billion is the amount of
revenue they have. They're spending $300
billion on a service contract. That's
this darker blue line, a service
contract with Oracle. So Nvidia invests
in OpenAI. Open AAI signs a service
contract with Oracle. Oracle in order to
build this data center has to spend tens
of billions of dollars on chips. All
these pink arrows going in to Nvidia.
These are all these companies buying
chips directly from Nvidia. So they're
all paying money into Nvidia, which is
why they're the ones who are winning the
most in this. And also there's this one
arrow pointing out of Nvidia to
Cororeweave which is a service agreement
saying Nvidia will lease its own chips
that are being sold to Cororeweave. So
Core is buying chips from Nvidia and
then Nvidia has said we promise that
we're going to pay you to use those
chips once they're in your data center.
And not only that, they have promised
that if Cororeweave, this data center
company, if they don't get enough
contracts to use all of the chips,
Nvidia will just take all of that excess
processing power and pay for it. So
they're guaranteeing the value of the
chips to Coreweave, why would they be
doing this if the demand for the chips
is so high and the profit margin on the
chips is so high. So the anti-bubble
argument that I have heard from analysts
who are much smarter than me and know
more about this is that the price keeps
going up for these Nvidia chips. And so
they're like the demand is there, but
the chip isn't the product. The AI
service to consumers is the product. And
right now that is an order of magnitude
under the amount of money that is being
spent just on hardware. Not even
including staff time and the power and
the water and the buildings and all of
that stuff. The amount of money being
made by AI companies is an order of
magnitude lower than just the money that
is going to Nvidia every year. And by
doing deals that basically give
companies money to buy Nvidia's chips,
they are selling their chips at an
effective discount. And yet, at every
one of these steps of the process, as
this money flows around, these companies
get more highly valued. When Oracle
signed this $300 billion a year deal
with OpenAI, their stock price shot up.
When Nvidia does venture investment in
XAI, which then turns around and buys
Nvidia's chips, that is offering the
chips at a discount. So, once you parse
this fairly information dense, though
there could be more information on it,
and that would be good. But once you get
your mind around this little graphic
here, it doesn't seem like Nvidia just
thinks people are going to buy their
chips at the prices they're selling
them. Nvidia seems to think it would be
better for our share price if we found
ways to artificially increase the demand
for our chips. Like by paying the people
who buy our chips to buy our chips or
investing in companies that buy our
chips so they can buy our chips. And
Nvidia has so much money that like what
else are they going to do? Their price
is so inflated. their stock is worth so
much and they have so much money that
they can subsidize the purchase of their
own chips and when they do that the
stock market rewards them. This money is
just flowing around and at the root of
it is not the demand for Nvidia chips
because Nvidia chips are not the product
being sold. The product being sold is
artificial intelligence systems. Look,
it might someday be this big, but it is
not anywhere close to that big right now
and it's not brand new. In order for it
to be this big, it has to create so much
value. And we have to create new systems
for capturing that value. Besides just
firing everyone and having computers do
all the work, Microsoft is the only
major player on this graph that is
buying Nvidia chips that doesn't have a
direct relationship. They do have this
one little connection through Nebius,
and I don't know what that is. Where
Microsoft is paying Nebus for a service
while Nebius is getting investment from
Nvidia. My god, I don't know how big
that is. You want to Google it with me?
Oops. I don't want to show you all of my
text messages. That was just my dad. It
was probably okay. Don't read my text
messages. Microsoft secures 100,000
Nvidia GB300 chips via 33 billion deal.
Okay, so it is big. That's actually
huge. Oh my god. So Nebius is like an
oracle but for just AI. I have gotten
this take your guest house to the next
level ad so many times. I probably
accidentally clicked on it once and
they're like, "Yeah, I bet you're
interested in nano walls." I thought it
was going to be nano walls, but it
actually says nano wall. It's where you
keep your nana. She's in the walls. So
yeah, it's getting a 100,000 Nvidia
chips from a company that Nvidia has
invested in. Even Microsoft is getting
discounted chips. I don't know you guys.
Seems fine. I have seen the simplified
version of this pitched around which is
like Nvidia gives $100 billion to
OpenAI. OpenAI gives $100 billion to
Oracle. Oracle gives $100 billion to
Nvidia. It's not exactly like that. It
does prop up the demand for Nvidia chips
by making it so that you're giving money
to people in exchange for them in some
cases directly in exchange for them
buying Nvidia chips or you're just
investing in companies so that they can
buy Nvidia chips. It just seems messy.
It seems like bubble mechanics to me you
guys. So I am again just a guy. I don't
know why I god I got to get back to
talking about rare earths and fish. I
got to get back in my lane. That's what
you want anyway. You don't want this. I
should be talking about batteries and
climate change and the moons of Saturn
and my favorite fish, but instead I
looked at that figure for too long.
Let's play Connections. I'm worried
because the last like three have been
really easy. Swift kite. Those are
birds. Robin is a bird. Oh, interesting.
We've got like Batman Begins, Batman
Forever, Batman Eternal, Batman Returns.
Is that what it is? Is that Batman
thing? We got Swift and Robin. Robin is
also a Batman thing. There's got to be
Oh, Swallow. Great. Those are all birds.
But Swift kite and swallow are much more
similar to each other than Robin. Is
there another bird like that? Robin is
just a normal bird. Swift kites and
swallows. Very similar birds. I don't
know why. Wow, this is weird.
Everlasting and permanent. Okay, well,
we got that one. Now, this looks like
it's going to be easy, too. Everlasting
forever, permanent, and eternal. Okay.
Launches, institutes, pioneers, begins.
And that leaves us with returns ending
pioneers and days. Returns ending
pioneers and days. Uh, okay. Well, that
does seem like what it is. And I don't I
don't mind doing it real fast. Kite,
Squall, Swift, Robin. Those are all
birds, and they're the only birds here,
so I feel like that's it. This is like
creates and puts into the world,
launches, institutes, pioneers, and
begins. In addition to that, we've got
things that go on forever, eternal,
forever, permanent, and everlasting.
Which leaves us with, I think, days,
returns, ending, and trails. Happy days,
happy trails, happy returns, happy
ending.
[Applause]
Happy trails. That has two meanings now.
But there is another one if you're just
thinking of the one. And then these are
all the same to me. Maybe the bird is
second. Yeah. Yeah. All right. And then
I get 50/50 chance here. Everlasting
institutes launches begins and pioneers.
That seems a little bit harder. That was
that was easy. That was another easy
one. All right. I'm feeling it. Woo.
Yeah. Another one of five. Okay. I don't
know what's going on you guys. They're
taking it easy on