With just a few text prompts, you can
build your own fully functional custom
app by simply entering something like
build me a minimalist to-do app. And in
just minutes, you'll have your very own
app. And you can even integrate an AI
assistant, which also integrates with
WhatsApp so that your users right here.
And by the way, it's mobile friendly,
too. Can chat with your AI assistant
directly and type in something like
create new IG carousel as task three.
And then the AI agent will automatically
add that task in that I added into
WhatsApp chat. And you can see now it
says create new IG carousel. So this way
it makes it super convenient for your
users to talk to your app by simply
using WhatsApp or the AI assistant right
here and typing away. And I'll show you
exactly how to build something like this
in just a matter of minutes. So let's
tune in. All right. So the first thing
you're going to want to do is sign up to
base 44. Link to it will be in the
description box below. And by the way,
if you use the coupon code in
description box below, that will give
you a few more extra credits to use. The
great thing about Bass 44 is that you
can sign up for free. And to enter the
coupon code to get those free credits,
you can go to your account and then go
to billing. Down the bottom, you'll see
this have a coupon code link and then
enter the code provided in the
description box below. Now, to start
creating your very first app in B 44,
all you need to do is describe the app
that you want to create. Just like most
LLMs like ChatGpt and Claude, anything
that outputs something, you want to be
as specific as possible so that you get
the actual results that you want.
Referring back to the demo app that I
created, this is a productivity to-do
app. And essentially, the concept behind
this is to only add three to-dos, and
that's the tasks that you need to do for
the day rather than overwhelming
yourself with something like 20 tasks.
So, what I did was I prompted it to
build a minimalist to-do app that
focuses on just a maximum of three tasks
to do. And you can see it goes on. So,
that's the kind of specifics that you
want to add when describing. So, that's
what I've added. And then I also added
name the app three and design a nice
logo for it. The user can only add a
maximum of three to-dos. All right. So,
that is in terms of styling branding as
well, which you can also do later on.
And that's a great thing about these
vibe coding tools because you can
iterate and tweak, make those
adjustments as you go along. You can see
in this chat prompt on the left here
where you can simply enter something
like change the color of the entire app,
change the branding, change the name of
the logo, anything you want as well as
the functionalities and more advanced
things too. Once you've added your
prompt, simply enter the submit button.
And at this point, all you need to do is
let it do its job of developing and
building your app. Now, it'll take a few
minutes, but once it's created, it will
show you a preview of your app and then
all the things that it has created and
all the things that it's added. The next
thing you can do is make those fine
refinements. Let's say you're not happy
with the colors. All you need to do is
type in something like change the
branding to whatever colors it may be.
Now, if you do want to change the logo,
then you can also request that and
prompt for that to happen. If you want
to do something a little more advanced,
such as the ability to drag and drop the
tasks in whatever order you want, then
you can also prompt that. And that's the
beauty of B 44. But now what I want to
show you is how to add an AI agent or a
chat assistant to your app. It is really
easy. If you go to your dashboard, this
is how your app is controlled. You can
control all your users. You can manage
the actual data in terms of the
database. So these are all the tasks
that have been added by users. You can
check out analytics of your app as well
as adding a custom domain so that it's
not this generic base 44 app. There's
security functionalities as well. But
the one in particular that we are
focusing in on is agents. I've already
enabled mine, but if you haven't, this
is what it looks like. So you need to
first enable agents and then click on
that. And then it says add your first
agent. So you simply go back to preview.
So, in the chat prompt to add that AI
agent, all you need to do is add an
agent to my app. And that's essentially
what I did. And it automatically creates
it. And you can see that it helps manage
your three essential tasks. This
assistant will live on a new assistant
page. You can see in the preview later
on, but if you want to be more specific
in terms of the role of your agent, then
you can put it in. So, something like an
AI assistant to help you manage your
three essential tasks in the three app.
But in this case, I just want a general
assistant that can talk to the app. Now,
once it's added, you can see that it is
added indeed there. And then if you go
back to agents under dashboard, you can
see that it's right here in your
preview, you can see that a new page has
been added called assistant. Now, you
won't have the WhatsApp button and chat
mode enabled yet, but you do have this
text prompt. So the user can technically
add whatever they want such as add a new
task or add new meeting notes or
something like that into the task
manager. That's great. But the whole
point is to enable it on your phone so
that users can do it conveniently from
anywhere. So if we go back to dashboard
agents then click on edit agent. There
are a few more things that you can play
around with such as guidelines. So
description this is a system prompt that
defines a agent's behavior. So feel free
to tweak this. Under instructions, you
can set your parameters and say
something like you are friendly and
encouraging productivity assistant for
the three app. And here's the goal. All
that can be instructed right here. These
are a few tools a bit more advanced
there. But what we are looking for is
WhatsApp. And then you simply want to
enable WhatsApp. Once WhatsApp's
enabled, you can see that the button now
exists. And then when the user clicks on
chat on WhatsApp, they'll get this
prompt either on mobile or desktop,
they'll click on open WhatsApp. And here
I am in WhatsApp. It will send this
message right here with the activation
code. And bear in mind, this is a bot
from base 44. And this is what the user
essentially sees. And from here, we can
chat away and say something like uh
delete task three or something like
that. And then it'll do that for you.
And there are a few other options here.
And you're able to add a custom welcome
message for your users. So, as you can
see, there was no coding required to
build the app and also make those
adjustments, make those tweaks, and also
add different functionalities such as
adding an AI assistant to it. Once
you're ready to go live and start
getting users, you want to click on
publish. You'll be given an available
temporary domain name, unless you add a
custom domain name, which I highly
suggest you do. You want to click on
publish app. And the great thing about
Base 44 is that it will automatically
create a signup form so that your users
can sign up and start using your app.
This can be all controlled under
dashboard overview and then you can look
under app visibility. You can make a
private, public, require login to access
or not. So as you saw in this video, in
a matter of minutes you can develop your
very own custom fully functional app
with built-in AI and an AI assistant and
agent. I've got another step-by-step
base 44 tutorial which I'll link up
right here. So, I'll see you there.