I'm laying on the sofa at 3 in the
morning and I'm seeing people messaging
me like, "Oh, there's this thing that
happened. Pokemon and Lily Pichu
cancelled their podcast featuring
Hassan." Small update. This is a tough
one to write, but we wanted to give you
all a heads up that we're unfortunately
going to be missing our first scheduled
Saturday video tomorrow. We've been
watching the recent drama unfold
concerning our guest. Our community is
our favorite thing. And the reason we do
this is to create a space that is comfy
as always and a true escape. So
basically, they didn't want to have
Hassan on the show because of the dog
thing, right? I mean, we you know it, I
know it, everybody knows it. It gets
better. Okay. You think, okay, all
right. Yeah, that that makes sense,
right? So, Pokemon comes out and tweets,
"The episode was supposed to air as
usual, but staff refused to upload it
out of fear it had caused drama and
posted this statement without my
approval." Sad face. Sorry, guys. We'll
talk about everything on this week's
episode and go on hiatus afterwards to
restructure. Now, um, let me go ahead.
You You guys like translation? Okay. So,
what does this mean?
That's it. That's what it means. You
know it. I know it. Everybody knows it.
I really feel bad for the staff. The
reason why I say that is because I think
that she should understand while she has
a big fan base and they're going to
defend her, a lot of her staff don't
have that. The staff are now getting
attacked on social media. To throw the
staff under the bus and to say that, oh,
well, they did this without our consent.
Now, the Hassan fan base will dislike
them. they're also going to get hate
because they were associated with
Pokemon now who is, you know, like okay
with doing it. So, you're effectively
having everybody attack you now. And
basically, everybody is hating her,
right? Like, everybody is mad. Throwing
your staff under the bus instead of
disavowing animal abuse is definitely
something I'd expect from you. Imagine
firing your staff because they don't
like puppy torture. I would feel bad for
her, but you did throw your staff under
the bus. You did. And you could say they
threw you under the bus or they didn't
communicate with you, but you don't have
the same position that they do.