The future is bright. The future is
incredible. And I think fourth quarter
of this year is going to be unbelievable
for a host of reasons. So,
>> how do you think Bitcoin's going to go?
>> I've always said that I think in time
Bitcoin surpasses a million dollars.
>> As you just heard, uh, Eric Trump
recently said that Bitcoin will surpass
a million dollars. He also stated that
Q4 is going to be unbelievable. Q4 2025,
of course, and this is a quarter that
may be the turning point for the best
altcoins out there. These are altcoins
tied to one of the most talked about
crypto ventures today. That of course is
World Liberty Financial. Uh whether or
not you're a fan of the Trumps. I think
you have to at least concede that uh
this is a venture that represents the
smart money. Now, what that means, I
would argue, uh is that paying attention
to what Eric Trump is saying probably is
going to be strategic, probably is going
to help. Uh and this is going to entail
altcoins obviously tied to World Liberty
Financial. Remember also there are
various crypto ETFs associated with
World Liberty Financial. These are
exactly the altcoins that we're going to
be looking at in this video.
[Music]
Welcome to the channel. My name is
Maddie and this is Altcoin Buzz. All the
best of luck if you choose to invest.
Okay, World Liberty Financial altcoins
or otherwise. I wish you well,
genuinely. But I am not a financial or
investment adviser, nor is this video
official financial or investment advice.
So, why exactly is Eric Trump so
confident in crypto in the first place?
I would argue that the reason uh is
actually pretty straightforward. It's
all about finances. And if we look at
January 2021, the Trump family faced 300
bank account closures by Capital One. Uh
other banks followed Capital 1's lead.
And according to Eric, that's how they
were driven or attracted at least to
cryptocurrency. As he states, uh there
were three main reasons that made it
attractive. It was first of all a lot
faster. Secondly, exponentially cheaper.
Uh, and third, it's nice to hear him say
this, a lot more transparent as well.
And so over time, this resulted in
various crypto-related ventures. Uh,
there were, as you may remember,
American Bitcoin that was mining with
Hut 8. Trump and Melania launched
memecoins. I wasn't a fan of those, but
you know, they are part of the list
here. Your opinion is going to be your
opinion. There's also what Donald Trump
launched in terms of various NFT
collections. Also not my cup of tea. Uh
and then as well we had Eric and Don Jr.
created World Liberty Financial. Then of
course once Donald Trump returned to the
office of the presidency, the
administration made waves uh with
cryptocurrency. Several waves. The
president for example pardoned three
BitMX co-founders. He also pardoned Ross
Olrich of Silk Road, the creator of Silk
Road. He appointed a White House AI and
cryptozar. He appointed more crypto
friendly key figures at various
government offices. The SEC is just one
example with Paul Atkins and he started
a crypto really landscape of legislation
for example the Genius Act but there are
other examples as well. However, there
have been new developments. As of this
recording, there is a confirmed United
States government shutdown. This is
since midnight on the 1st of October
which may cause delays uh for the ETF
regulatory approvals. We talked about
those, excuse me, yesterday. So, take a
look at that video. We talked about all
the schedules and everything to look
forward to in the month of October. Uh
the shutdown could also temporarily
weigh on markets, crypto and otherwise.
So for instance, uh limiting rebound
potential until a funding deal ends the
impass. That is a possibility. And at
the same time, there's news from the
SEC, the Securities and Exchange
Commission. That organization asked
issuers of various ETFs to withdraw
their 19B4 filings. So, this follows the
approval of generic listing standards
and makes those filings unnecessary
actually and it may speed up the
approval process at the end of the day.
However, providing there's no government
shutdown. So, I'm going to look at some
altcoins in particular that are linked
to WLFI. Uh, this can be either through
Bitcoin uh mining uh partnerships or
even those crypto ETFs. One big
partnership to keep in mind, by the way,
is WLFI's USD1 stable coin that is going
live on Aposto. Let's first talk here
about Bitcoin and Ethereum. Good old BTC
and ETH. These are the two leaders of
crypto. I don't want to call them
co-leaders because Bitcoin uh is in a
class of its own, but certainly number
one, number two, uh comfortably the
first and second most important projects
in cryptocurrency. Um and with Bitcoin,
I can make the link between Bitcoin
mining. Both Eric and Don Jr. own about
20% of American Bitcoin core. Uh on
NASDAQ, the ticker is ABTC.
The very first day this stock traded on
the NASDAQ, by the way, it went up to
$14.52.
That was in early September. Uh as I
record now, the current price is $6.84,
nearly $6.85.
The value here still represents a stake
for Eric and Dawn, close to $1.3
billion. Eric even stated that in terms
of all of his business activities, uh
all of his entrepreneurial uh
adventures, the crypto sector takes up
around 50%. And uh with that in mind,
let's now switch gears and talk about
Ethereum. The Trump Media and Technology
Group have filed to launch
cryptocurrency ETFs. This is the crypto
bluechip ETF proposed by Trump Media and
it consists of 70% BTC and 15% Ethereum
ETH. There are three more altcoins
involved. We're going to get to those uh
in a moment, but just keep those numbers
in mind. And there's also one more ETF
filing by Trump Media, which aims to
offer a combined Bitcoin and Ethereum
exposure. For this ETF, the split is 75%
Bitcoin and 25% Ethereum. If approved,
you can expect a listing of this ETF on
the New York Stock Exchange, ARCA. So
investors get access to those mentioned
crypto assets for both these ETFs.
However, without having to own them,
which is, you know, a nice advantage for
some people depending on uh how familiar
you are with cryptocurrency. Of course,
we do have arms length investors. We
want to make them feel welcome. And so
altogether, Trump Media plans to file
for five different crypto ETFs in total.
Okay. And Salana, ticker Saul, so is one
of those three altcoins in Trump Media's
so-called crypto bluechip ETF. after
Bitcoin and Ethereum, it gets the
highest allocation Saul that is with 8%.
And this probably should have a notable
positive outcome for the price of the
Saul token. Um, and let me explain why.
Straightforward reasoning of course
would suggest that this is going to
increase institutional demand or at
least attention here in Salana, which is
going to create significant buying
pressure. That's from investors seeking
more exposure to Saul. It's also
important to understand that this is a
regulated financial vehicle. It
officializes things. So this enhances
Salana's legitimacy as well as its
visibility. So mainstream and retail
investors are going to find credibility
here in a Trumpbacked ETF. Furthermore,
it's listed, like I said, on the New
York Stock Exchange. This can very
positively impact Saul's adoption and
price appreciation. But then there's
also diversification appeal here because
it represents really a simpler way for
investors to diversify into Saul because
like I said, Bitcoin is at 70%, Ethereum
is at 15% and so exposure to other
altcoins is kind of a bonus here if
you're looking for something that is
more diverse. Positive market sentiment
uh is also a factor here to consider.
Trump Media's strong brand and political
backing can stir a Trump bump effect.
very very polarizing as a figure. Of
course, those that love him love him,
those that hate him hate him. But I
think uh that Trump bump effect uh is
still something that reasonably can be
expected. And so the launch of this ETF
will create hype, will create media
attention, which should translate
positively into the price of Saul and of
course any other altcoins that are part
of again the so-called crypto bluechip
ETF. After Salana, we have to look at
Kronos and CRO, which is also one of the
altcoins that's part of this blue chip
ETF. Now, we do have a smaller
allocation here, only 5%. Kronos, uh,
again, ticker CRO is a layer 1
blockchain. It is built by Crypto.com.
Now, Kronos may sound like an odd
choice, but the Trump Media and
Technology Group has partnered with
Crypto.com. The Yorkville Acquisition
Corps is also part of this partnership.
Altogether they formed the Trump Media
Group CRO Strategy Incorporated. And
this is a digital asset treasury company
focused on acquiring CRO tokens. I'm
sure that by now you can kind of see
where this is going for CRO. And CRO is
integrated as the crypto for Trump's
Truth Social Network as well. People
forget about that, but that's also a
pretty significant variable to consider.
And so CRO benefited very nicely from
this announcement. We're kind of down
off of that news from about a month ago
and prices have uh tumbled back down
along with the rest of the market. But
CRO did go up by about 40%. In fact, it
went from 16 cents to 32 cents in only 2
days. Right now, as I record, it's back
to about 20 cents. Pretty much all the
reasons why it would benefit Salana are
also valid for Kronos here. Plus, uh if
you think of the custodian, that's a big
deal as well. It is of course Crypto.com
which marks a pretty deep operational
link supporting CRO's adoption. So this
treasury company aims to hold around a
billion dollars worth of CRO tokens
which is roughly 19% of CRO's market
cap. But also this partnership involves
$200 million in cash, $220 million in
exercise warrants, a $5 billion equity
credit line. And so in the long term,
all of this just bodess very well for
the price of CRO, which is still
comfortably below its all-time high of
about 96. Last but not least here, we
have to consider Ripple and XRP, which
is also part of this blue chip ETF. Uh
only 2% though, so a much more modest
allocation for XRP, but still Ripple
will share the same benefits as Salana
and Kronos. Like I've been saying, uh
those include increased institutional
buying demand, uh improved market
visibility for XRP. The Trump bump
effect here still applies, which should
lead to a price increase for XRP. And so
another trump card, pun intended, in
Ripple's already extensive war chest.
Upon approval of the blue chip ETF, I
can reasonably see the XRP token uh
profiting from this, appreciating it in
the same way, for example, uh as Saul
and CRO. And XRP has been fairing a
little bit better uh in the last 30 days
here with a price as I record of $2.94.
That is up over 6% in these last 30
days. So look, these ETFs could launch
in Q4. Uh if that's the case, I think
that's the likelihood, all the more
reason why these four altcoins mentioned
today, plus Bitcoin can see a pretty
positive price increase in the
relatively near future. Um, and also in
case you didn't know, Trump Media is
also listed on the NASDAQ with the DJT
ticker. So, let me know what you think
about these. Uh, I am curious to hear
your thoughts in the comments below. Uh,
this should be a catalyst. It should be
a positive in my opinion, the approval
of this blue chip ETF strategy by Trump
Media. Uh, do you think it's going to be
a good thing? If so, to what extent? Uh,
how significant is it? Let me know your
thoughts as well on social media. You
can find us on X. You can find us on
Discord. You can find those links and
join the conversations in the
description of this video below. The
links, the URLs as always are