insane altcoin price predictions can
come true during this crypto bull
market. And in this video, I'm going to
give my own predictions across a huge
range of different altcoins because
right now there's an insane imbalance
across altcoin prices. This is the total
three chart which sits at all-time highs
while many other altcoins sit at lows.
I'm also going to talk about this which
is the altcoin cheat sheet. By
understanding this, you're going to be
able to identify where the opportunities
are as well as when to be taking profits
on different altcoins because guess
what? Different altcoins will run hot at
different times. And if you can identify
this, there's a good chance that you can
make some significant gains during this
bull market ahead. Do me a favor, hit
the like button and let's get into
today's video. Now guys, before we dive
in to find out what's going on in
Bitcoin and the altcoins because they
are very close to breaking into all-time
high territory and igniting this crypto
market once more, just a quick
disclaimer. Nothing I say in this video
is financial advice. Everything I say is
for entertainment purposes only. If you
wish to invest in crypto, you should
understand that it's risky and you can
lose money. So, don't lose money that
you can't afford to lose. And always do
your own research before investing in
anything. Now that we got that out of
the way, let's crack on with it. Now,
before we go and check out the altcoin
cheat sheet that's going to give you a
little bit of an understanding of how
this market works, as well as where I
think some of the best opportunity lies
and other coins where I think they're
probably a bit past it. Let's check out
what's going on in Bitcoin because it's
kind of holding the keys to where we're
at right now. Okay, Bitcoin, as you can
see, is back up at all-time highs. Near
enough. Okay, it has been slightly
higher in the future. But right now, as
we see it, we are above the highest
weekly close of all time, which was just
a few weeks ago back in August, where we
sat at $119,000.
As you can see, right now, we are about
$1,000 above that. And there's a very
good chance that over the weekend we
push Bitcoin towards and above all-time
highs once more. We can see that this
has happened time and time again over
the past few weeks and months. In fact,
every single time we're kind of breaking
those previous highs, we go into a very
strong upwards momentum. Okay, these
kind of moves like this are probably
what we're going to be expecting for
Bitcoin. And that's very key because
it's going to wake up the altcoins. Now,
I know right now you're thinking, "This
crypto bull market's BS. Okay, you know,
Bitcoin's been running and Ethereum's
been running, but the old coins in
general haven't been doing that well."
Well, okay. In general, many old coins
haven't been doing that well. But this
is the Total 3 chart. And actually, it's
not as bad as you might have been led to
believe. In fact, this Total 3 chart, as
you can see, sits at all-time high. And
for those of you who are unaware, Total
3 is the market cap of crypto excluding
Bitcoin and Ethereum. And as you can see
right now, it sits around $1.15
trillion. Okay, that's a lot of money
stored in lots of different altcoins.
And this is creating what's called a cup
and handle pattern. You can see that
basically creates a cup from the
previous bull market high, uh, then it
creates the handle. And from here, we
are more than likely going to break out.
So, if Bitcoin breaks that all-time
high, this will also break above here.
Now, just for context of what we can
expect to happen next, this is what
happened last time. Total three clean
broke above the previous bull market
high. This is the bull market high from
back in 2018. Okay, you can see it
breaks above very very strong rally
above this area. The target for this
particular chart pattern would take the
total three up to around $2 trillion.
Now that is a lot of money. And you're
probably thinking, well, yeah, but
there's a lot of altcoins. That's true.
But a lot of the largest or ultra large
cap altcoins have already been running
strongly and probably don't have that
much more upside in them. This is what
I'm going to talk about first in terms
of my price predictions for the
ultra-large cap alts and then we're
going to start to look at where the new
opportunity kind of lies beyond those.
Okay, this is nothing personal against
any particular altcoin. Some of these I
hold, some of them I don't. Okay, I'm
just going to talk about how this cycle
works because this total three chart
right now is confirming for us the path
to altcoin season. Okay, the path to
altcoin season is in my opinion intact.
We've seen phase one, an incredible bull
market for Bitcoin. As you can see,
we've had an incredible bull market for
Bitcoin since 2022 where Bitcoin sat
$15,500 or so. Ethereum then wakes up
next. We've seen Ethereum massively
outperform Bitcoin over the past few
months ever since April lows $1,300.
Ethereum up nearly 4x. And then what
about the large cap altcoins? Well, what
about them? The large cap altcoins have
been doing pretty well as well. As you
can see, XRP from the lows of the bare
market is currently sitting up 871%.
Which is 9 12x. Salana from bare market
lows is currently up nearly 29x,
which is insane. So, here's the thing.
We need to start thinking about where
the best opportunity is and the price
predictions for certain coins because
some of them aren't maybe what you're
expecting. I know you've been told that
XRP and Salana and whatever is going to
have a way bigger upside from here, but
I'm not so sure. Let me first of all
just show you across to this particular
chart pattern. Okay, it's not really a
chart pattern. And I kind of made it up
with a few boxes, but I think it's
pretty evident and it shows you how most
altcoins will run. Okay, this is Salana
in the last bull market and right now
Salana's obviously in another cycle and
you can kind of draw these boxes onto
anything. This green zone down here
represents the accumulation zone. Okay,
during the accumulation time, it's very
damn stressful. And this is actually
where we are right now for the majority
of altcoins. the majority of the
altcoins that you're holding in your
wallet right now being like, should I
even be holding that coin because it's
up 2x this week and down 70% next week.
Well, let me just show you. This is what
Salana did before the last bull market.
It went up 7 or 8x only to then come
down within a few weeks a whopping uh
77%. Good enough, right? And then it
goes up into different phases. Many,
many, many altcoins right now sit in
this green box. It's a very stressful
time to be in the market, but guess
what? It's the price that we pay for
being early. Many people are getting
confused by this and they're panicking
and they're getting out of these coins
to then go and enter into coins that are
up into this blue box up here. That is
the wrong way round of doing things
because you don't take from the poor
down here and move it to the rich. You
do the Robin Hood thing, you take from
the rich and you give it to the poor.
You get me? So, don't get things mixed
up. Remember, ultra large altcoins tend
to be higher up into these areas right
now than many of the smaller cap
altcoins. Now, here's one other thing
that you really must understand before
we kind of get into what these other
phases are. Lots of people right now
will be like, "Yeah, but Salana has
this, this, this, this, this going for
it." XRP, the same story. Ethereum, it's
going to be adopted by Wall Street and
everyone's going to start to use it.
That might be so. But just consider
this. The price goes higher because
ultimately people are buying something.
Yeah, there's market maker manipulation.
There's other fundamental elements
changing. But during this period of
time, fundamentally, Salana barely
changed. Okay, Salana barely changed
during that period of time. And the
price went from $2 to $250 because
Salana fundamentally wasn't that
different from here to what it was here.
Now, the longer these prices go up,
think about what is really happening.
The people who bought in here are making
more and more money. Now, imagine right
now you put $1,000 into Salana down
here. Now, you go all the way up. This
is 190x near enough, which is what
Salana did after that 70% pullback. So,
if you're concerned about some of your
coins right now, probably shouldn't be.
Now, think about this. If you put in
$1,000 right there and you had the
minerals to be able to hold all the way
up to here, which probably would have
been a pretty tough job. I'm sure many
of you might not be able to handle that
kind of stress. Not sure I would be able
to either. This is now $190,000
in the hands of a little Timmy who
bought down there in that green box.
Now, think about that. That means that
there needs to be $190 more people to go
and buy in up here for the value of
$1,000. And that's just one person. What
about the person who put in $10,000 who
now wants to sell $1.9 million? Or the
person who put in $100,000 who wants to
sell $19 million. Fundamentally, it's so
difficult for that to happen. Also, JP
Morgan didn't make money from buying
from little Timmy who bought Dun in the
green box. Okay, JP Morgan and stuff,
yes, might kind of come in during this
zone and force prices up a bit, but
they're definitely not buying the very,
very tops. Okay. So, just be cautious of
coins that might be running a little bit
hot. Also, don't get too attached to
coins. It's very easy for us to get
attached to the coins that have been
doing better than the coins that have
been doing worse. Okay? You probably
love right now that you're holding
Salana compared to holding Worldcoin or
something else. But ultimately,
Worldcoin will perform much better than
Salana from here because Worldcoin sits
in a different area of this altcoin
cheat sheet. Okay. Now, in terms of
price predictions, because what we're
seeing from Bitcoin, part the altcoin
season, phase one, Bitcoin, phase two,
Ethereum, phase three, ultra- large cap
coins. It says large cap, but ultra
large cap coins. We've already seen
Salana do a 27x. There is only so many
more times it can go up before all those
guys who are buying in at the bottom
start to take massive profits. Okay, it
then makes it really hard to see that
coin going up much further without
having to inject huge amounts of
liquidity. And there's so many other
options out there. So, in terms of price
predictions, Bitcoin for me probably
goes to about 140 to 150. And guys,
don't get me wrong, I could be wrong
completely. Maybe it goes even higher,
but I'm not going to get too excited
about where Bitcoin is. It's already
gone up massively. Tons of people,
pretty much everyone who is holding
Bitcoin right now is in profit. That's a
dangerous time, okay? Particularly as
altcoins start to look more appealing,
more exciting. When total 3 breaks
higher, altcoins will drain liquidity
from Bitcoin. Yes, you'll get more
entries, more new people entering, but
they typically won't be able to prop up
the price that much. So, Bitcoin will
kind of start to stall out as it does
previously in the last bull market.
Ethereum then will also continue to
rally, but Ethereum is already up from
bare market lows where it touched $900.
It's now up 4 1/2x from there.
Therefore, it's unlikely to go beyond
probably, in my opinion, a8 to $9,000.
Now, these are still great returns if
you've already been in them. But just be
cautious of people giving you crazy
price predictions. Trust me, okay? I'm a
YouTuber. I understand the importance of
trying to get viewers to watch my
videos. And particularly when I was a
newer YouTuber with less people watching
my videos, the temptation was always
there to give insane price predictions
for coins. Therefore, if you want to
keep up to date with like realistic
content and everything else, make sure
you're subscribed to the House of
Crypto, okay? because I'm going to keep
it real. I'm not going to tell you
complete lies like everyone else is
doing just so that you can come and
click a video. Okay? So, just be careful
cuz people will try and hook you to try
and make you watch things when you know
they're promising things that probably
aren't going to come true. Now, again,
Salana, I love this coin. Okay? I made a
lot of money holding this. I did buy it
on a video at the end of December back
in 2022 for something like $820. I made
a lot of money. I sold a lot to go and
buy Sooie around September of last year.
Made lots of videos about that
documenting that happening. But I do
think it's kind of later in the day for
Salana. Salana right now is $229. Where
do I think it goes? $700 to $900
probably. Okay, being a little bit
cautious with some of these larger cap
coins. And that's because they sit in my
opinion in this blue zone. Now, this
green zone is the accumulate the lows.
The orange zone is the do nothing zone.
Just relax. Everything's fine. Stop
panicking. You don't rush to take
profits. You haven't sat through like
nine months of being in the red to try
and skim a 30% profit. Okay? You didn't
come for that. This is the chill out,
everything's probably going to be okay
zone. Okay? Once you get beyond this,
you then get into maybe I should start
to skim some profit zone. Okay? This is
the ski some profit zone area up here.
And then this is the get the hell out of
here zone. Okay? You don't want to be in
here when everybody is trying to get in
here. These are the coins when
everyone's talking about them on any
given day. Last week it was like Asta or
Astra or whatever it is. I don't know.
Few weeks ago it was Hyperlid and Pangu
and then eventually, you know, it's
going to be another coin. Not saying
that those coins can't go up again. You
can skim profits. Maybe you can re-enter
if they get back down into these
accumulation zones or maybe into the do
nothing zones. And for those of you who
are wondering, this is the you up kind
of zone. Okay, you got out way too late
because you got greedy or whatever it
is. Okay, you weren't in early enough,
you panicked, whatever it might be.
Okay, so typically you just need to
identify where our coins or your coins
are sitting. Now, I'm not telling you
right now that if you're holding
altcoins that are in this blue zone that
you should 100% be selling them because
right now we are still seeing the
earlier phases of this kind of bull
market play out where the larger caps
are outperforming. So, it wouldn't shock
me at all to see Salana breaking up here
and putting in some bigger gains along
with Ethereum and maybe XRP and whatever
else over the next few kind of days,
week ahead or more. If Bitcoin breaks
that alltime high, there's a very good
chance that Salana, XRP, Ethereum,
whatever go with it. And then very
quickly after that, I think they hit up
towards this red zone. I'm going to be
taking profits and then I'm going to be
starting to look to re-enter into coins
that are still down in this green zone.
And there are many, many, many coins
that sit in that green zone right now,
okay, that just haven't seen the
excitement that other coins have seen.
And I'm just going to show you a few of
them right now, okay? Ather, as you can
see right now, sits in and around this
green zone. It's never really been able
to break beyond into the do nothing
zone. It still just sits in an
accumulation zone. And by the way, yes,
it had a sell the news event, but that's
only because the NASDAQ company that
basically put $360 million into a
decentralized asset treasury company
basically wanted to drive the price down
to give their investors a good entry.
Now there's over $300 million to start
performing buybacks into Aether, which
sits there right now in the accumulation
zone with a circulating market cap of
$621 million. Now, how do I identify how
high Ather can go? Because obviously it
sounds really bullish. It sounds amazing
and it is. It's this great project.
Okay, they're doing some really amazing
things. But just to keep things
realistic for where we might be able to
go in the future, let's just look back
to the previous bull market. Had a deep
in project that did quite well back
then. Okay, the one that lots of people
were talking about back then. Now people
are starting to talk about aether.
Render in the last bull market had a
pretty good one. You can go to market
cap. This is coinarketcap.com. You can
see the Render's all-time highs are at
$5.2 billion. Okay, $5.2 billion. Render
has an annual revenue of around $8
million. Aether has an annual revenue
right now of $150 million. Aether is in
a far more suitable kind of area of the
markets in my opinion. Okay, they do
decentralized AI compute which requires
access to H100 GPUs from Nvidia. Render
does do decentralized compute but
doesn't have access to the same GPUs. AI
is where the demand is right now and
Aether is one of the only ones that's
serving it which is why Aether might be
a superior product and do better. Okay,
so at this particular market cap 600 and
something million for Aether to go to
render all-time highs is around a 9x
from here. Okay, so Aether realistic
price prediction from around here in my
opinion is something like a 9x. Now I
know many people have been led to
believe that 9x is just not a good
amount of returns. However, I think
that's fairly insane, okay? Because
there's a reasonably good chance that
this puts in a 9x. Okay, a very
reasonable chance of the 9x from Ather.
Okay, because fundamentally it's
incredibly strong and it's just not
getting that much excitement and
attention right now compared with the
likes of some other coins that have been
pumping over the last few kind of months
or more now. Others like Sooie, where
would we put Sooie right now? Do you
think it goes in the green box in the
accumulation zone? I would probably
argue it might be in the do nothing
zone. Okay, I don't think it's
necessarily got beyond the orange do
nothing zone. Okay, maybe at times it's
been up into the ski and profit zone,
which might be up here, but ultimately
it's still looking pretty good. How high
does SUI go? Well, it's a layer 1
blockchain. It's got a $12.9 billion
market cap. Now, what other layer 1
blockchains performed well in the last
bull market and in fact had fairly
similar attention or excitement buzzing
around them? Salana in terms of market
cap. Last bull market it went up to $70
billion. This bull market has gone up
already to around $123 billion. So suie
to do a 10x means it must go to the same
market cap that Salana was at back in
early 2025. How possible is that? Well,
I go across to deflava.com and I see the
adoption that Sue is getting. TVL right
now sits up here. $3 billion. Pretty
good. Okay. Value locked on chain. Total
value locked. $3 billion. Weekly stable
coin market cap $730 million. What about
Salana? I would expect this to be 10
times bigger maybe, but actually it's
not 10 times bigger. 15 billion in terms
of TVL is only like four or five times
bigger. Stable coin market cap, yeah,
there's a lot more flows going on on
Salana. So yes, Salana's getting a lot
more usage, but Suie could make up some
ground on that. Therefore, 10x for Suie
would be kind of top of the absolute
range maybe. However, it does 5 to 6x.
As you can see, in terms of what's
happening on the charts right now, we
have a nice kind of wedge pattern
forming. Looks pretty good to me. We're
going to see accumulation and following
up from Suie. Incredible product,
incredible ecosystem. One of the most
talented teams across crypto coming from
Meta or Facebook. Okay, a huge range of
different products are being built on
Suie right now. some of the best teams,
the smartest people that I've been
meeting at token 249 in Singapore, at
KBW in Korea. They're building products
on SUI. Sui is a fantastic ecosystem.
But just to keep things realistic, look
at market caps. Look at where other
coins have been in the past to identify
what's realistic here. I think Sooie
does 6 to 10x if things go bananas in
this bull market. But that's still good.
Yeah, that's still decent. And again,
chain link, where does it go? What does
it do? Okay, again look at the
accumulation zones. Now, obviously
there's not a set science here, but you
can see this fairly clearly. Okay, this
is quite clearly where most altcoins are
sitting right now. And if you look at
chain link during this period of time,
there was times up and down 48%, 50%,
it's then gone bounced around in this
zone, which is the kind of do nothing
zone, which sits probably around here.
And then they get into the sort of the
skim profit zone. uh and then beyond
that, you know, the take-profit zone or
the absolute exit, the fullblown bull
market up there. Now, as I said, this is
not an exact science, but by doing this,
you're going to be able to identify
whether or not it's time to be rushing
into chain link right now or whether
it's better to find another opportunity
that's still down in and around this
green zone. Suie, for example, sits up
in this kind of mid yellow zone here.
But a very similar blockchain again from
founders who came originally from
Facebook's Meta team is Aptos. World
Liberty Finance just a few days ago,
Donald Trump Jr. announced on stage, I
was watching it, saying that Aptos was
going to have its own pair with USD1,
okay, which is part of World Liberty
Finance, which is part of Donald Trump's
crypto organization. Aptos sits in the
green zone. Okay, during the green zone
you get ups and downs like we saw on
Salana. We get significant ups and downs
etc. Now this to me makes sense to be a
much better kind of investment from this
lower range than others. I was talking
about this on the charts just a few
weeks ago just last week and since then
it's been up like 31%. Buying into lows
down here far better in my opinion than
ever getting in to the excitement and
the ups here. Okay, as this bull market
rages on, you might just think that it's
easy and everyone's going to make money,
but they don't. Okay, most people don't
because they do the wrong thing over and
over again. They rush to buy what
everybody talks about and then they rush
to sell what kind of looks a bit quiet
on the chart. If you do things the other
way around, if you are able to identify
the strong fundamental coins and buy
into the lows, life is going to be so
much better for you. Okay? It's going to
be so much better for you than it is for
most people because most people can't
help themselves. Most people go to
Cryptobubbles on any given day and
they're like, "Zack is up 177%. That
must be a good one." They go to it, they
go and buy it, and then they wonder why
they then are down 60% next week or
more. Okay, just an example. Don't know
anything about what this is, okay? But
you get the picture. And this happens
all across the board. Another kind of
message I'm really trying to get across
here is I know it's been stressful and
worrying to be holding coins that sit in
and around this green zone, but I must
get this message across. Okay, this was
the accumulation zone for Salana in the
last bull market. Okay, this was 2021.
This was like August 2020. Okay, during
August 2020, Bitcoin was here. Okay,
August 2020, Bitcoin was sort of up
around here, $35,000. It then kind of
continued to rise. Ethereum also was sat
somewhere up around here. At the same
point in time, Salana was down here. It
was around a dollar. Okay, it had been
up. it had been down. Many altcoins
you're holding right now has sat in and
around this zone. If you're selling
coins down here to go and buy XRP or
Sooie or whatever decides to pump in the
next week or two, you are literally
taking money from coins here and you're
putting it somewhere like this. It's
crazy. Okay, it's crazy in my opinion.
You need to get out of this habit
because the chart isn't the indicator
right now of what a good or a bad
project is. It's an indicator to show
you where the market makers are trying
to guide you and you don't necessarily
want to be following them around, okay?
You want to be making your own decisions
based on fundamentals, strong kind of
ideas of what's happening, etc. Now,
again, you can continue to look at
coins. This is Ono Finance. Again,
hasn't really been a huge amount. To me,
this sits sort of in the orange zone,
the do nothing zone. I still think it
goes up. It's kind of at these lows down
here. It's probably not bad to be
getting into it, but I just think
there's probably more opportunity out
there. Other coins, as you can see, have
been through full cycles already. AOS
was in this kind of like accumulation
zone here, the do nothing zone. They
probably scraped some profits. It
actually probably hit up into the
take-profit zones. Right now, it's kind
of come down to a do nothing kind of
zone. Again, how high does it go?
Probably from current market cap
something million dollars. Again, has
the potential to go up to sort of 10
x's, 15x's, etc. Now, where do the main
kind of massive gain opportunities come
from? Probably getting into kind of
midcap coins that are sitting down in
and around these zones. you can see
being bought up. ABAM again is about to
announce its own decentralized asset
treasury company which basically means
millions of dollars or hundreds of
millions of dollars from Wall Street,
NASDAQ tribe companies being able to
invest into these projects. Now, I don't
hold all these different projects that
I've been talking about. Literally just
identifying the opportunities across the
market. Now, again, smaller cap coins,
many of them look horrible right now,
look dead. And that's because past the
old Quinn season, many of these won't
really see much activity or excitement
until you and everyone else starts to
feel euphoric and excited, which to be
honest isn't really that far away from
happening. Humans AI, as you can see,
heart down in these lows, not looking
particularly exciting. But guess what?
Every single time it started to pick up
in the past, within a few weeks, it
rallies 8 9x or more. PAL AI again looks
horrible. If you are newer to crypto, if
you've been in crypto for longer, then
it might look pretty appetizing, pretty
decent. Okay, Sensei again sits at these
lows down here. Everything is
effectively in that green zone. Okay, it
looks very dramatic, but that's cuz
these have got really small cap coins.
Okay, Sensei sits in that green box.
Okay, this is the orange do nothing
zone. This is the where you start to
take profit zone and then this is the
kind of the red box. Okay, with the coin
with Sensei's market cap, okay, to get
up into this kind of red zone, 30x, 40x
is possible. But guess what? In order to
be able to experience the potential to
make 30 or 40xes, you also have to be
able to kind of put up with a a 10x
towards the upside followed by a 90% dip
towards the downside and all sorts of
other things that go on in the middle.
Most of the coins were top performers in
the last bull market like Gala, like
Many Centraland, like Salana, like
Pancake, and whatever else. They were
all chopping up and down like crazy. But
guess what? Most people weren't in the
crypto market at that time. They never
experienced that pain and that fear and
that worry. Yes, it's been difficult
this bull market so far, but really many
coins that have been struggling during
these periods of time will suddenly wake
up and things will be okay. All you got
to do is make sure that you don't take
money from some of these coins that are
nicely holding their lows right now to
go and buy into coins that are somewhere
all the way up here, very close to
nearing their kind of bull market tops,
okay? Or within like a one or 2x of
their bull market top. Now guys, that
should have been pretty useful. I will
in the days ahead maybe share with you
my own crypto portfolio and how I'm
going to be managing the transitions
between different coins because
obviously I'm starting to take some
profits on some of the larger cap coins
that I've been holding. Okay, the
Ethereums of this world, Salanas, Sueis,
etc. So, once we start to take profits
more dramatically, I'm going to be
moving that money down into small midcap
coins. So, make sure you subscribe to be
able to see all of what's going on with
that. Also, over the weekend, I will
update you on what's happening with the
M2 Money Supply, Bitcoin, altcoins, and
all of that good stuff. Guys, if you
want to go and pick up any of the
altcoins I've talked about today, make
sure you sign up down below for either
Bitinix or Weeks. These two exchanges do
not require KYC. So, wherever you are in
the world, you're going to be able to
access these exchanges, which is very
important if you travel a lot like me.
Also, these exchanges will list a lot of
smaller cap coins or any small cap coins
I personally asked them to list. If you
wish to have certain altcoins be listed
on those platforms, let me know down
below which altcoins and I'll speak to
the teams and see what I can do. Also,
if you use my links exclusively, you're
going to get some of the biggest
deposits in the game because I've been
working with these exchanges pretty much
longer than anyone else out there. Guys,
I hope you enjoyed today's video and
found it useful. Do me a favor, hit the
like button, leave a comment down below.
Even if it's just a full stop, really
helps me out. Share this content with a
friend or whatever else. Thank you very
much. Have a great day. See you soon.
Bye-bye.