See,
this is wrong.
I mean, it's right if I'm going to that
hole, but it's wrong for the first hole.
See, this is wrong, too.
This is wrong,
obviously. And believe it or not, even
this is wrong.
Even though it looked good, 90% of
golfers still get these things wrong
when it comes to their chipping. This is
by far the number one biggest thing
we're still doing wrong when it comes to
our chipping. I see this all the time.
We get that ball way back and our hands
way forward. We have to stop doing that
cuz that will happen more often. Well,
you never want that. So, that's
something we got to fix. We hear hands
forward. So, this is most people's
interpretation of the hands forward
thing. And that is basically taking
whatever wedge you're using and
delofting it to make it more like a
sixiron. And that is something we don't
want with this type of shot because as
we deloft now our margin for error
shrinks as well. So we have to hit that
ball perfectly. And then the reason we
chunk it is because when you take a
lofted wedge and you deloft it to a
sixiron loft, your brain knows, "Ooh, we
better slow down cuz that thing's going
to come out low and hot." So, we double
down on this also by backing that ball
up. Even if we kept normal loft and had
our hands where they're supposed to be
in the center, we're still delofting
that. But then we do this and get our
hands even more forward. That's why we
hit behind the ball because we're
slowing down. We're decelerating which
causes this.
That's ugly. And then you're doing it
again and again and again and then
you're finally like, let's go to the
next hole. We don't want that anymore.
So instead of that, here's what we're
going to do. Hands are just going to be
right off our chest. No matter what you
hear or say, believe it or not, when
your hands are right down the middle,
they're already forward enough. That's
plenty. So, get your hands here. Now,
move that ball forward right here. It's
still not back. This would be too much.
You're not doing that. Your hands are
right there. And that ball's a little
more forward in your stance. And then,
now here's how you get ball contact.
First you do everything with your weight
and you just get your weight forward
here. That's it. Now your hands are a
little more forward without exaggerating
them too much. So how do we get forward?
All our weight not like all of it. Get
all of it. Why not? Just get all of your
weight on your left side. Here you go.
Now everything's perfect.
And then you just glide that club right
through the turf instead of stabbing it
in behind the ball. So feet super close
together, one club width apart. Ball
more on the left
in se uh instep right on the left side
of the foot, the shoe. Hands in the
middle right here. And then now all our
weight is forward. There we go. And then
then we can brush that grass.
Now that you got that one down, let's go
to the second biggest mistake we're
doing with our chip shots. Although I
just made that one, we've got to we have
to
use a different club. This is my 60,
but n 99% of the time we need a
different club. And 90% of golfers are
using the wrong club when it comes to
chipping. All because they think because
they're close, they need a lot of loft.
Not necessarily the case. This is my 54.
Same setup as before
>> and almost the same result, but with
less loft. you're going to have more
consistent results for the average
player
that you can do all day long. And when
you make a mistake,
usually it's from coming up short
like that. And we still get a good roll
out. All because we didn't use too much
loft. We used the right amount of loft.
And then if you need more height,
don't go to more loft.
Just go and scooch that ball up a little
more forward. Everything else stays the
same.
So we got just a little more height with
that. And practice that with the 54, the
50, the pitching wedge. Don't be afraid
to go to the pitching wedge.
It's the same thing. You just have a lot
more forgiveness now.
Things get easier
with less loft in the chipping range.
Guys, I want to earn your trust here. If
I get this within 5T of that hole,
I encourage you to subscribe to the
channel if you haven't done so already.
And in the link in the video description
below,
sign up for our newsletter. We'll send
you some cool discounts and deals.
What? Did we get it? Did we get it?
Yeah, I think we're close. Close enough.
Back to the video. Stop doing this.
This is what I see a lot. Watch my feet.
>> I see this all the time.
This feet get scooched this way. A lot
of golfers think that opening up and
aiming your body left means turning your
feet sideways like this and doing
something like this. This is not opening
up. All this does is shut the fa It
doesn't shut the face. It deloft delofts
the club. And we already talked about
delofting the club. When you do this,
you're essentially delofting that club.
So now my 54
turns into that sixiron again.
And you do that and it zings across the
green. Just remember when your feet turn
like this, you're backing the ball up in
your stance and delofting that club. And
you're doing that. Most golfers get that
piece wrong. They think that turning
your feet this way is opening up, but
it's really just delofting the club and
backing the ball up in your stance. Here
is actually how you open up. Here's my
club.
That's aiming straight. This is not
opening up. We didn't do anything.
This is opening up. Actually turning and
backing up this direction. And when I do
that, now my club opens up to my stance
versus
shutting it down to my stance. That
actually opened up the club. You see the
difference?
This actually shut it down.
So, let's just do this
to make things easy. How about this? How
about we don't really need to do much
here. Set up square. If you want to open
up, just flare that left foot out.
That's all we really want to do. And
back the right foot up. So, take the
right foot, take a tiny half a step
back, and flare the left foot out. There
you go. Now, when I open up, just turn
your shoulders. Feet are good. There we
go. Now I'm opened up.
That's really all you need.
And you can get away with that. The
other way you can't get away with. So
stop doing this and start doing that.
For most of you already, this will
already have been cured. But for those
of you that still struggle with this, it
could just be ingrained in you. Stop
doing this.
Okay, what did I do? I set up right. I
did everything supposedly right. But
what I'm doing is I'm trying to chip
and stop.
We don't want to stop the club. So many
times you say you have the yips. What
are the yips? Could be many things, but
a lot of times you're just trying to
stop right after you hit the ball.
How do we fix that? Cuz a ton of players
do that. They just want to stop. We got
the fix for you right here. First, you
have to understand where it comes from.
It comes from poor technique and the
wrong club choice. So, hopefully we've
already fixed it like we said, but then
sometimes you fix everything, you still
are just conditioned to stop that club.
So, all you're going to do is this. As
you swing, as you swing, I'm going to
try to get the handle of the club low
and wrap it around my backside here. So,
I'm getting a handle around my body
here.
Here. And just here's the practice
feeling. All you're doing is like rowing
a boat like this. Like if you had a
paddle and you're rowing the left side
of the canoe. That's your move right
here. Okay. So, you're taking that and
you're just rowing the boat here. That's
it. So you're swinging and just think
about rowing the boat. Rowing the boat.
So row your club a few times here. You
know, you're out on the frontier in the
river and you're just rowing your canoe.
That's what you're doing. So
I'm just going to row the canoe here.
Look at that. And the smoother you row,
the easier it is. So, instead of
thinking about
I gotta chip this close, let me chip it
close. Let me chip it close. Just think
about let me just do a a little row like
you're trying to sneak up on a fish to
get in the right spot and you're just
like sh.
You're not just going to go and stop the
canoe in the water. You're going to just
you just want Nobody ever stops a canoe
or a paddle. No. No. You don't stop the
paddle in the water. You row it through.
So, you're just trying to sneak into
that little fishing hole right there.
And it's like the last little row.
That's your shot right here. Watch this.
I'm rowing in. I'm just rowing in to my
fishing hole right here. It's all I'm
doing.
Look at that. Almost made it. You got to
do it quietly. You got to whisper while
you do it, too. You just you row in the
spot. One more thing that people are
doing wrong.
You might not need it. You might just
row into the best chipping of your life.
But if you need that last thing, we'll
get you right here. Stop trying to make
it in the hole.
People are trying to make it or get it
close to the hole. No. Wrong. Wrong.
Wrong. I'm not trying to get it in the
hole. I'm not trying to get it close to
that hole. You see this shot?
I'm trying to make it
in this hole.
I'm visualizing
a hole
that's
like a giant 3-FFT circle right here.
This my This is in it. This is about 3
ft. That's perfect. This is my hole
here. Okay. Look at that circle.
But then I'm going to adjust that circle
a little bit because the whole the green
slopes this direction. It goes that way.
I don't want to be on this side. So I'm
going to move my circle because a
three-footer from here is more difficult
to make with my putt than a three-footer
from this. Straight up the hill. I can
make this all day long and my friends
will probably give to me. So it's not a
big deal. But if you have this downhill
slider from here, 3 feet exponentially
more difficult than the other side. So
I'm going to shift my circle to like I
want a one-footer on this side because a
one-footer on this side is equivalent to
a 4-footer on this side. So I'm just
going to move my circle a little bit.
Okay, about a foot. So I'm going to
shift my circle down over here. Too many
times we we look at that tiny hole and
we're like, "All right, let me make it
in." Forget that. Forget that. You got
to think about the long game, the
consistency. So, now I've moved my
circle. I'm visualizing the circle and
that's what I'm trying to make it in.
That's it.
Well, that's great. Beautiful.
Okay.
Maybe I went too far. All right. Went a
little far, but still we're good. We're
below the hole. Let me adjust my circle.
Right. I move my circle forward.
Whatever. So, when you're on the course
and you're like, "Okay, stop looking at
that little hole. Expand it to whatever
your dispersion pattern is and row it in
there." Oh, right there.
Row the boat into
your circle right there. Row the boat.
There it is.
Those are the things that we're still
doing wrong that we got to fix. Good
luck to you guys. Love you. See you next
time.