Since you're young, you were told to
study hard in school. That way you can
get good grades and qualify for a good
job. When you get that good job and a
good salary, save a little bit of money.
That way, one day you'll be able to
retire wealthy and be financially free.
There's just a little problem. Study
hard. Sounds great. Except more than
half of college graduates are unemployed
or undermployed. Meaning you got a
degree in biology, but you're working at
Chipotle 4 years after graduating
college. Qualify for a good job. Sounds
great. Except our job market is changing
faster than ever because of artificial
intelligence. And most people only know
how to use Chat GPT to write a better
email. Save a little bit of money or a
lot of bit of money. Sounds great.
Except today your savings are losing
value because of inflation because your
banks are paying you less money in
interest while inflation is still
around. And then if you do these things,
you're going to be able to retire
wealthy and free. Well, I hate to break
it to you, but America is facing its
biggest retirement crisis that we've
ever seen in history because so many
people are unprepared for retirement.
They were hoping they could rely on
Social Security. But the problem with
that is Social Security is also drying
up, creating an even bigger problem. The
money game has changed, but most people
are playing the game like it's still
1995. And that's why in this video, my
goal is to show you why more Americans
are becoming poorer despite us being the
richest country in the world. And then
I'm going to show you what you can do to
escape the cycle and actually start
building wealth in this exact same
system. And at its core, if you keep
doing what everybody else does, you're
going to end up just like everybody
else. I call this channel the minority
mindset, not because it has anything to
do with the way you look or your
ethnicity or skin color, but because if
you keep doing what the majority people
do, you're going to end up like the
majority of people. And statistically,
the majority of people in America are
working deadend jobs that they do not
enjoy. And statistically, the majority
of people in America do not think that
they will ever have a chance to be able
to retire or see any sort of financial
freedom. Yet, at the same time, there
are some people that understand the new
rules of money and they're becoming
incredibly wealthy because they
understand the gain. And what that means
in practicality is you can't keep using
your money the way that people did 30
years ago and expect to build wealth the
same way that people did then because
our economy has changed. And the first
part that we've never been taught in
school, unfortunately, is that you have
to understand how to use your money in a
way that's best for you, not best for
making everybody else rich. Because the
reality is there's a lot of entities out
there that profit off of you being
financially uneducated. Or if you want
me to say it bluntly, there's a lot of
people out there that profit off of you
being financially stupid and off of you
being financially poor. For example,
banks profit when you are in debt. Why?
Because when you stay in debt for the
rest of your life, you're going to
continue paying interest to the banker.
Every time you get paid, you go to work
to get paid. You pay the banker in
interest, and they get rich when you go
to work. Corporations profit when you go
and spend all of your money. They don't
care that you're spending money that you
don't have. They don't care that you're
spending money that you could be using
to pay for your kids' college. They
don't care that you're spending money
that you could be using to pay for your
retirement. They are hiring the smartest
marketers and MBAs in the world to
entice you to open up your wallet and
spend money with them. In fact, the
government profits when you are
financially uneducated because our
economic system is designed to reward
investors, not employees. Now, I'm
telling you this as a licensed attorney
who is not your attorney, but our tax
code taxes you differently depending on
how you earn your money. And what I mean
by that is when you go to work and you
get paid, you are generating what's
called ordinary income. And this is from
the federal income tax code. Yes, I am a
weirdo and I keep the federal income tax
code in my office. And look, it is more
than 2,000 pages long at around 8 point
font. It is not easy to understand
because it is made complicated. So only
some people can understand the way that
this works. But when you go and you earn
ordinary income from your job, your W2
job, you're going to pay the highest tax
rates and you qualify for the lowest tax
breaks. When you become an investor,
well, now you qualify for a different
bucket of income. And now, because
you're a different bucket of income, you
also qualify for lower tax rates and
slash or bigger tax breaks. This is why
you have so many investors around the
world that can make millions of dollars
and pay little to no money in taxes 100%
legally because the government is
designed to profit off of you being an
employee. Now, the funny thing about
that is we're all taught to just go and
work a job. Now, I'm not saying it's bad
to work a job. That's not the purpose of
this video. But you have to understand
how you can build wealth. Because the
reality is for you to build wealth, you
have to invest in your financial
education. And unfortunately, this is
the thing that we're never taught in
school. But the reality is, if you want
to build wealth, you have to have this
financial education because this is
what's going to determine if you become
wealthy or not. We're all taught about
the importance of formal education, the
importance of going to school and
getting a good degree. But the reality
is your financial education is what's
going to make you wealthy. Now, you're
going to say, "Well, Jasper, that's easy
to say that because you're an attorney."
Yes, I am a licensed attorney, but I've
also never worked a day as an attorney
because I was able to build my
investments. I was able to build my
business while I was in law school. And
before I started law school, I went to
law school because I grew up in a
traditional Indian house. And my parents
when I was growing up said, "Just sprit,
you have two options. You can either be
a doctor or you can be a failure. You
choose." And when I decided that I
didn't want to be a doctor, my dad made
a compromise. He said, "Just believe, if
you want to keep any pride in the
family, you have to at least become an
attorney." So, I went to law school. I
got my law degree. I did pretty good in
law school. Passed the bar exam, got my
license, never worked a day as an
attorney. Because once you understand
this, you can start to use it to your
advantage. Because it's exact same
system is the same reason why some
people can become incredibly wealthy.
And this is the whole purpose, the
mission of why I do this channel is to
help people understand this. I run a
company full-time. My full-time job is
running a company called Briefs Media.
We're transitioning it to Briefs
Finance. But that's my full-time job.
This channel, Minority Mindset, is my
hobby because these are the things that
I wish somebody would have told me when
I was getting started on my investing
journey because the reality is this
system works for the people that
understand how it works. And we're not
taught how it works. Kind of a weird
dynamic. But this is the reason why some
people get very wealthy and the average
person doesn't. The average person works
very hard. And when I say average, this
could be a doctor or a teacher or a
truck driver. And you're going to say,
"Dustpan, how can you put them all in
the same bucket?" Because you have so
many broke doctors. You have so many
broke truck drivers. You have some
really rich truck drivers. You also have
some rich doctors. But at the end of the
day, if you're just working a job and
spending your money, whether you make
$20,000 a year or $250,000 a year, and
yes, I know some truck drivers make a
lot of money, but it doesn't matter. If
you spend all the money you make, you're
going to be broke. Period. And you see
this happen all the time. And if you
want to benefit from this system, that
means you have to understand how this
system works. And our economic system is
designed to make one person rich. Do you
want to know who that is? It is the
investor. How do I know that? Well, let
me show you. Now, I do want to let you
know before I go too deep into that that
if you are an investor or want to become
an investor, I did put together a full
investing master class where I walk you
through how you can get started as an
investor and find hidden investment
opportunities before everybody else. And
I'll also show you the full investing
framework that my firm and I use to
research investment opportunities and
find them before they hit the headlines.
It's a completely free master class.
There's a ton of value in there. And
when you register for the master class,
you're also going to get access to
market briefs, which is my newsletter
for investors for free. So, if you want
to get the investing master class and
market briefs all for free, all you have
to do is register by clicking the link
down in the description below. There are
three rules of money that you need to
understand. Rule number one is that
money flows to the investor. Now, when I
say money flows to the investor, what
that means is when you spend money, the
person that benefits is the investor,
the owner of that business. So, let me
diagram this because there are three
entities in our economic system. There
are consumers, there's the business, and
then there's the investors. Every single
person, you, me, and everybody else, is
a consumer. Doesn't matter if you're
rich or poor because everybody has to
eat. Everybody needs a car. Everybody
needs clothes. So, when you go to
Chipotle and you buy the bowl, you're
spending money at the business. If you
buy the extra guac, the business makes
more money. But the real person that
benefits is not the worker in the
business. I mean yeah you get a salary
but the excess dollars the big bucks go
to the hands of the owners of the
business and when I say owners of the
business in this economic system that
means the investors in the business the
iClass. So in the system money is
designed to flow to the investor. Rule
number two is that inflation benefits
the investor. When inflation happens
that means you have to walk into
Chipotle and pay extra money for the
guac and extra money for the bull. So
what does that mean? That means you as a
consumer are going to spend more dollars
into the hands of that business. Now,
when this inflation happens, who is
going to win? Well, what we've seen is
that wages have gone up since 2020, the
big inflation that we've seen over the
last 5 years, but wages haven't gone up
to keep up with inflation. So, if
businesses are charging this much more
money, but employees are making this
much more money, who is getting those
excess dollars? Well, if you guess the
investor, you are right. Those excess
dollars go into the hands of the
investor's pockets because inflation
benefits the investor. And by the way,
inflation didn't start during 2020
pandemic. It has been happening for
decades. So when inflation happens, it's
the investors that get rich because the
excess dollars go into the hands of the
owners who are the investors. And rule
number three is that a tax code is
designed to benefit the investor. Now,
I've already kind of hinted at this, but
the tax code incentivizes you to become
an investor because they reward you with
lower taxes. Some people say it a
different way. Some people say that the
tax code punishes you for being an
employee. But what I want you to
understand is not that it's bad to be an
employee. I've said that multiple times
now. It is bad to just be a dumb, stupid
employee that spends all their money.
And that's whether you're an employee, a
business owner, an athlete, an
executive, I don't care. And I say this
harshly because I want you to understand
I don't make these videos to make
friends. I make these videos to help you
be better with money. Because the
reality is if you make money and spend
all of your money, you are making these
people rich. But if you make money and
use it smartly, then you can make
yourself rich. Now you're going to say,
"Well, Daspit, what does that mean?" Let
me show you. Everybody in America needs
to be a business owner. Period. Now
catch what I said carefully. I didn't
say you need to start a business. I
didn't say you need to operate a
business. And I didn't say you needed to
work in a business. You need to be a
business owner. And the way you can be a
business owner is either by building a
business or by buying the business. Now,
it is extremely hard to build a
business. I love entrepreneurship. I
love entrepreneurs. If that's what you
want to do, great. But it's not for most
people. Most people should not be in the
business of trying to start a company or
trying to run a company. It's just a lot
of work, a lot of risk. Most businesses
would fail. But every single person
should own a business that you can buy.
Now, you don't have to go out and buy an
entire company. You can buy a piece of a
company. If you're spending money at
Amazon, you can buy a share of Amazon,
one piece of Amazon. If you're spending
money on Nike shoes, you can own a piece
of the Nike Corporation. If you're
spending money at Apple, you can own a
piece of the Apple company. Because if
you buy one share of those companies,
you become one of the owners in those
companies, and you get to share in their
profit. So when other people are
spending money at Nike and Amazon and
Apple, you are the one that's making
money because now you own a piece of the
profits. A share is one piece of
ownership in the company. The more
shares you own, the bigger piece of
ownership you own in the company. And
before you used to need hundreds, if not
thousands of dollars to get started as
an investor. Today you can get started
with $10, even $1. But you have to know
how to allocate your money. And this is
where you need a simple rule of thumb on
how do you actually do that. And one of
the simplest things that you can do is
follow something like a 751510
plan. Which means now you're getting
paid and I don't care how you get paid
if it's from your job or your business.
Doesn't matter. You get paid and money
hits your bank account. You only want to
spend no more than 75 cents of every
dollar that you earn. So you want to
create an automatic withdrawal and
deposit out of that bank account into
two other bank accounts. Which means
yes, you need three different bank
accounts. And follow me when I say this
because you do want separate bank
accounts. So 75 cents of every dollar
that you earn stays here. 15 cents goes
here into bank account number two, which
is holding your investing money. And
then 10 cents of every dollar that you
earn is going to go here into your
account that's holding your savings
money. Now what you're doing is you're
playing the game like a wealthy person.
Because what every wealthy person does
is they save and they invest their money
before they spend all their money. What
every broke person does is they make
money and they spend their money and
then they save and invest if there's any
money left over and surprise surprise
there's little to no money left over
month after month after month. So every
time you say I'll wait until next month
I'll wait until next year. It never ends
up happening. This is why you need to
have a system. And the reason why I say
create three different bank accounts is
so number one, you can automate the
transfers into these different bank
accounts. Is so number two, so you don't
accidentally spend your investing money
or your savings money. Do you know why
the government takes your taxes out
before you actually see that money? Like
when you get your paycheck, you might
have seen that your payroll taxes are
taken out and your FICA taxes are taken
out before you actually get that money.
It's because the government knows that
if that money hits your bank account,
you're probably going to spend it. And
then if you had to pay taxes at the end
of the year, you would have no money to
give to the government. And so they
don't trust you. And you don't want to
trust yourself with that same thing
either. Because when you have all your
money sitting in one bank account, how
do you know how much money is actually
supposed to be invested or saved? And
when you have all that money in one bank
account, it's very easy to accidentally
spend it when that sale happens on the
new TV. So, you want to create a wall
between your spending money, your
savings money, and your investing money.
And then you want to automate it. That
way, you don't actually see the money
here. It goes into these bank accounts
before you have to worry about it. And
if you're wondering, well, just how am I
supposed to afford living off of 3/4 of
every dollar that I earn. I want you to
think of it like a tax. Because if the
government were to raise your taxes by
25%, what would you do? You'd complain
and cry and scream and kick and be
really upset and angry, but then you'd
find a way to pay it. because if you
don't, you're going to go to jail. So,
think of this like a tax. But now,
you're not making the government richer,
you're making yourself richer because
these investments are how you actually
become wealthy. These savings are there
to protect you against an emergency. I
talked about this in the beginning part
of this video, that savings are losing
value to inflation. Well, that doesn't
mean you shouldn't save any money. It
means you have to save money
strategically. Save money for an
emergency. Save money for a big purchase
like a house or a car. Save money for a
vacation or a Rolex. or save money to
make an investment. So your savings are
here, your separate emergency savings
are here, your investment money is here.
This is how you're going to become
wealthy. This is what you spend on your
car and your house. Now you're going to
say, "Well, Desperate, where do I invest
my money?" And this is where people get
caught up in the game of trying to find
the perfect investment. Should I invest
in stocks or real estate? If I invest in
stocks, should I invest in Nvidia or
Tesla or Amazon? Should I be investing
in ETFs or mutual funds? Or should I be
investing in index funds? and what is
the cadence that I should buy? And
people start to get really intimidated
by this idea of investing and then they
get scared and they get turned off and
then they start making bad decisions
because you start finding these get-rich
quick schemes. But the reality is
investing your money and building wealth
is kind of like getting in shape. You
can get caught up in the whole rabbit
hole of what should I eat? Should I go
carnivore? Should I go vegan? Should I
go into this paleo diet? Should I be
doing highintensity workouts, low
intensity workouts? Should I be doing
weight training? Should I be doing
cardio? At the end of the day, what you
should be doing is just getting on the
treadmill and putting down the donuts
and ho hos. Once you get on the
treadmill, then maybe you pick up 10
pounds and you start doing something
with it. Once you start doing that,
maybe you say, "hm, what is the bench
press?" Once you start doing that, maybe
you start to try different types of
exercises and now you start to get
smarter and do more after you get
started. It's the same thing with
investing. The reason why so many people
don't become wealthy isn't because they
made a bad investment. It's because they
don't start. just get started and then
start researching and don't go into your
investments in desperation because what
happens to a lot of people is they get
into a situation where they are
desperate.
I am struggling with money. I don't have
money to pay my bills. I need passive
income. And then that desperation leads
to you making stupid decisions. You
start buying these classes of people
showing you how you can make $10,000 a
month without doing anything sitting on
a beach. And that's where now you are
paying for somebody else's lifestyle,
but you're the one that stays stuck in
that situation because you want and
crave that way out. And unfortunately,
there's no sacrificing the sacrifice. It
is hard, especially in the beginning.
But it does get easier. There is a path
out if you stay consistent. I call it a
decade of sacrifice. That is a decade of
spending less and earning more to invest
your money like crazy. And if you stick
with that, you can become wealthy. You
can have a completely different life
financially if you are willing to stick
with it. And most people are not willing
to do that. Most people want the easy
returns today. We want the microwave
culture that I put in the microwave for
2 minutes. Now I got a hot nice meal.
Well, there's problems when you try to
do things very quickly and you have to
go through the process. And yes, there
are ways to make it faster. I mean, you
can work to now invest more money by
earning more money. If you can earn more
money, you have more money to invest.
You can live smaller. You can learn to
invest in your investing research. You
can try to get better returns with your
investments. That way you can grow your
wealth faster. But you have to get
started. And that's the process because
most people in America today,
statistically, most Americans are
spending more money on their Netflix
subscription than they are on their
investments. Period. Why? Because more
than 70% of America has Netflix and more
than half of America is going to
contribute zero dollars to their
investments in 2025. That's a problem.
In order to fix that problem, you have
to understand how you are keeping
yourself stuck. Now, we can blame
everybody else all day and night long.
We can blame banks and corporations and
the government. But once you understand
this, you can learn how to use all of
this to your advantage. I mean, you can
start to use banks to your advantage.
Why? because you can use a high yield
savings account to actually earn some
interest on your savings. Maybe, and
this is much more risky. Don't say that
you need to do this. Maybe you take a
loan from a bank to go out and invest in
a business or to invest in real estate
that's producing you income that's going
to make you more money. Corporations
make money when you spend money. Well,
guess what? You can invest in those same
corporations. That way, now you can
start to profit by owning the
corporation instead of just making the
corporation rich. governments profit
when you just spend your money like a
dumb employee. Well, guess what? You can
use the government to pay less money in
taxes because that's what the tax code
says. Again, I'm not saying it's a bad
thing to be an employee. Most people
should be. I mean, I don't know why so
many people are vilifying it. It's a way
for you to create an income and ideally
you can find a good job. But then once
you earn that income, I need you to use
that income to build wealth by investing
that money. Because I don't care if you
make it 20,000, $200,000, or $2 million
a year. If you stop working, you stop
getting paid. And the way that you can
bypass that is to use your money and
invest it into assets. And now when
you're investing this money into assets,
now you can start building wealth. That
way, now if you stop working and money
stops coming in here, your investments
can keep paying you. That's the way that
you build wealth. And the reality is our
economy is changing. Our money is
changing. We've been seeing inflation
and more people are getting concerned
about the dollar because of all the
government spending that's going on.
We've been seeing changes in the job
market because of artificial
intelligence and all the money that's
going into artificial intelligence.
There's constantly concerns about the
economy being overheated and inflation
because of interest rates. All of these
are changes that are making markets more
volatile that cause most people to
panic. But that also creates opportunity
for the financially savvy. When you
understand that the person that benefits
from all these changes are investors.
And when you see the next downturn, that
creates opportunity for the smart
investors to buy good investments at a
discounted price. When markets crash,
smart investors get rich. When
recessions happen, smart investors get
rich. What do I mean? In 2022, when
markets crash by 20%, some investors
came in and bought good investments at a
discounted price. In 2020, when the
pandemic hit and the stock market fell
at the fastest rate since the Great
Depression, some investors got rich
because they bought great investments at
a discounted price. In 2008, when the
housing market crashed, some investors
got rich because they use that as an
opportunity to buy investments at a
discounted price. In 2000, when the dot
bubble happened and companies fell by
78%,
some investors saw it as an opportunity
to buy good investments at a discounted
price. This system, we're not taught
this, but this system is designed to
benefit investors. You can learn how to
be an investor. And if you can learn how
to be an investor, you can accelerate
your wealth and actually build wealth in
this economic system. Because the
reality is it costs money to eat and it
costs money to feed other people. I'm
not saying go and become this money
hungry person, but become financially
educated so you can become wealthy
yourself. That way you can take better
care of yourself, you can take better
care of your community, you can take
better care of your family, and you can
help feed other hungry people. But it
requires you to be able to feed yourself
first. And you have to understand how
the system works in order for you to do
any of that. That's why this financial
education is so important. So this
economy is changing and it's changing
fast. You cannot win in this economy by
doing the same things that worked in the
90s or doing the same things that worked
in the 70s. It is time for you to
understand this shift because this shift
is accelerating and the way that you win
in the system is by becoming an investor
and is more important than ever before
and you need to have some sort of rule
of thumb on how do you use your money.
That way you can actually become
wealthy. If you want some additional
resources on how you get started as an
investor and find investment
opportunities again I have my investing
master class for you down in the
description. And if you got value out of
this video the best thank you is a
referral. So, if you don't mind, please
share this video with a friend, a family
member, a colleague, or a fellow
investor. That way, we can continue to
spread the word. Thank you. The United
States government owes more than $37
trillion. That means your tax dollars
are being used to pay interest on all
that debt. And this is where President
Trump has been proposing a new plan to
help pay off this debt involving