Hello everybody and welcome to the
trading with Ashley show. I am coming to
you today from Tesla's studio and Tesla
is one of the stocks I'm going to talk
about so felt like it was appropriate.
So just as I suspected and I had shared
with you in a few videos ago that you
are going to start to hear a lot of
fear, uncertainty and doubt about a
government shutdown. Well, I just saw a
headline come through after the market
that JD Vance said prepare for a
government shutdown. This is one of the
most predictable and easy trades to make
if you are trading based on all of the
hype and all of the negativity. It's
almost like clockwork. I trade this
every time it happens. And it always
amazes me how easy it is to make money
when there's this kind of fear about a
government shutdown. But just think
logically about this for a minute. The
government never stays shut down for
long. It can. it hurts too much on both
sides of the aisle if that were to take
place. There's always a resolution in
short order. So, you can use this as an
incredible opportunity to load up on the
stocks that you wanted. Now, if you've
ever had a stock that you said, "I
wished I would have." Maybe you're
talking about LEAPS purchasing those.
Maybe you're talking about just the
stock itself. Maybe you're wanting to
sell some puts to make a safer bet by
getting a stock lower. But if you've
ever said that about a stock, I want you
to prepare for what may happen in the
coming days so that you can take full
advantage of it. So today, I am going to
be going through some very popular
stocks that many of you trade and look
at potential plays and entries on these
stocks because you have to have a plan.
When it happens, when there's a
pullback, when the market's dropping,
everyone gets a little bit excited, a
little bit nervous, and it's hard to
think straight. So, you want to use a
moment like this to actually pull your
thoughts together, have a trade plan,
write it down, and then execute. So, I'm
here to help you with that. We're going
to go through these stocks today. We're
going to go through Palunteer. We're
going to go through SoFi, we're going to
go through Robin Hood, and we're going
to go through Tesla. We're going to look
at potential sold puts if we see this
market pull down. And that way, you can
decide how to best get in. By the way,
if you are looking for a safer way to
trade, the safest trade you can make is
one, if you have a 100 shares of a stock
and then you want to sell covered calls,
you would do that if we are at 70 or
higher on the RSI. Looking at a
three-month chart, that's going to
assure if you have a call away that it's
done at a fair price. Now, you may have
put some of those trades on today on
some of these stocks that were riding
high. If we had that pullback, those
will start to profit. But the second
safest trade that you can make is
selling a put at a fair entry because
when you're selling a put, you are
putting up the money to actually buy a
100 shares of a stock. And you want to
do that at a fair price. Right now, a
lot of the stocks that I mentioned,
they're trading really high. So, if you
were assigned the shares at the height
of what they're trading, when they're at
70 on the RSI, then you would have to
wait for quite a while to be able to
start selling calls again. So, my goal
is to get the shares lower than where
they're trading today at a fair price
and really at a fair price for a bull
market because we're still in a bull
market. So, we're going to let the RSI
guide us and then we're going to look at
important lines of support, important
moving averages that will help give us
the best entries. So, let's jump into
the computer and then get ready. I want
you to take notes and I want you to be
prepared tomorrow or the next day
whenever this happens. I want you to be
ready to get some discounts. First,
we're going to start with SoFi. SoFi
actually was having a red day and we
actually sold some puts in my community
on SoFi today. So, the first thing I
like to look at on the three-month chart
is where are we on the RSI? That kind of
guides me on where I should be looking
for entry. Now, the fact that we are
over 50, that shows me there are more
buyers than sellers even though we're
having a red day. So, when that happens,
I like to shoot somewhere in the middle
of the band. Now, we're almost there
now. So, you could do one of two things.
you could take a more aggressive trade
since we're already sitting in the
middle of the band and go for maybe like
a $26 sold put. Now, it could blow past
that if we continue to have a lot of
negative talk about the government. So,
you could sell one there so that you can
ensure that you are assigned, give you a
better chance of getting assigned, plus
you're going to get more premium. And
then you could go ahead and shoot for
something right here around the 50-day
moving average. That sits right at about
2458. So you could do something maybe
around $24.50 for that one. And you
could actually stagger your sold put
dates. So let's now go into Robin Hood.
Let's look at two strike prices. Let's
look at one that ends this week. Maybe
right here at the middle of the band,
closer to about 26, we'll call it. And
then let's look for 2450 going out one
week further than that. Once you get to
Robin Hood, you do trade SoFi options.
You're going to do sell put. and we're
looking at the end of this week. So,
four days from the time of filming. And
we want it to look right there at that
$26 level. So, you could do one of two.
You could do the $26 level. That's going
to pay $21. So, 21 cents a share. Or you
could go a little bit higher to $26.50
and that's going to pay you $32 a share.
Now, as most of you know from watching
this, one of two things will happen on
Friday if you sell this put. If it ends,
let's say we sell the 26 and SoFi ends
above $26 a share, you'll keep this
entire $21 and then the money will be
released for you for additional trades.
But if it drops down, let's say it drops
down to 25. Well, you agreed to pay 26.
So now you're going to actually get the
shares and pay 26 for them. So when you
wake up Monday in your brokerage, you're
going to have 100 shares of SoFi. You
paid 26, but they're only valued at 25.
In that case, you just have to wait
until they start heading up again. Then
you can start selling calls. Okay? So,
that's how that would happen and that's
the potential outcome. You'll either
keep 100% of the premium or you'll keep
100% of the premium and you'll get your
shares because it fell below your strike
price. Now, the next thing we might want
to do is change this expiration date.
Let's go to the 10th. That's just 11
days from now. And let's look at that
2450 level right here. If you were to
sell the $24.50, you would get about $20
right now for selling this put. Now, if
you're really nervous about the
government shutdown and you feel like
it's going to last potentially longer
than what I have shared, my thoughts are
on it, then you could go actually much
further out. You could do something like
maybe go to December. Now, let's see
what you'll get. Okay, if you go that
far out to December and you're going
down to about $24, now you're going to
get $174.
The reason you're getting more money
when you're going further out is there's
so many unknowns between now and then.
That's why you are getting compensated
for putting your money up with so many
question marks on the future. So, some
people trade this way. I actually like
to trade this way in moments of
volatility, especially when I feel like
there's been an emotional reaction
because then when it starts heading back
up, something that I received $1.74 for,
usually in short order on the rebound,
this whittleles down in short order to
about 50% of the value, and then I can
exit the trade and get all of my money
back in my pocket to make other trades.
Let's look at another stock that's very
popular to trade. This is Palunteer.
Now, a lot of you have Palunteer. Some
of you wished you had more. Let's look
at a potential good entry. So, if you
are 60 on the RSI, remember there's
still more buyers than sellers at this
point. So, we want to look at a couple
of different things. We could shoot for
the middle of the band right there.
That's 169. But under pressure,
Palunteer might have a more dramatic
reaction. So, let's go look where
there's other support. Look right here.
You see this candle touches right here?
This is really a strong area of support.
It's around that 150 level. It also
coincides perfectly with the 100day
moving average. You can see that right
here. So 150 would be a great strike
price. Now because we're so far away
from it, we're at 178. We might get tons
of premium if we try to sell this at the
end of the week. So let's go a little
bit further out on Palunteer and then
let's try to get down to the 150 level
so that we can see how much premium we
can get. Once we get to the option chain
on Palunteer, let's go out a little bit
further just for safety. Let's go ahead
and look at that December date, December
the 19th. We're looking at a sold put
and we want it to go down to that 150
mark. Well, let's see what we've got
right here. $150 is the strike price.
It's paying $7.50 a share. So, that's
$750
to put up $15,000 to actually buy a 100
shares of Palunteer if we reach this
level by our expiration date. So, I
think that would be a very good trade.
You could go a little bit higher if you
want to accept assignment of Palenter
earlier, but this gives you a bit of
safety going that far out and down to an
important level of support. Now, Robin
Hood, it's in a different category.
Robin Hood has surged today. Look at
that green candle that we're seeing. And
also, let's take a look at our RSI. We
are overbought at this point. We're at
73, almost on 74 on the RSI. Now, stock
can stay overbought for quite some time,
especially if there's a lot of bullish
news. But if there's a pullback, people
are going to want to lock in profits,
especially on this stock since we are
now hitting all-time highs. So, where
will we might see a pullback if we do
pull back? Right here. Let's look at the
middle of the band. That is right there
around 116 117. That's a realistic point
for this stock to bounce. Still quite a
ways away from that right now. Like I
said, we're at 136 and this would drop
you down to 117. So, for us to get any
kind of good premium on this, we're
probably going to have to go out a
little further on this one as well.
Let's go take a look. Once we get to the
option chain, let's go see what the 115
strike is paying. If we sold this put
for $115, we'll be getting $725 a share.
That's actually really generous. That's
$725 for putting up $11,500.
Well, if you remember, we just looked at
a similar trade with Palunteer, but we
were at the 150 strike and we were
getting around that $750 mark. So, this
is nice because you could put up a much
smaller amount of money and still get
this nice premium. Let's take a look at
Tesla. Now, Tesla does have deliveries
that are going to be announced this
week. So, that could skew the stock one
way or the other. So, you want to be a
little bit more conservative on this
one. Also, look at the RSI. We're at 70
on the RSI on the 3-month chart. This
means that we are overbought at this
point. And look, there's a small gap
right here that can't be ignored. That's
right there at 395. But that's such a
great entry because a lot of people that
miss the boat on Tesla or miss the car,
I guess you would say, they are saying
as soon as it gets below 400, they will
go ahead and buy it again. So 395 is a
good point because that coincides
filling that gap right there. And also
it's right there on the 20-day moving
average. So, I think I'd like to look
for a shorterterm trade at 395 is an
entry. Let's see what we can find. Now
that we're on the option chain, I am
going to select October the 17th. That's
just 18 days away. And it is a real good
date if you're looking for a grouping of
where the institutions are because they
like to trade that third Friday of every
month. So, if you're anywhere close to
it, sometimes it's a good spot to go.
So, let's look at the 395 strike. If I
were to go ahead and sell this strike
right here, I will be paid $503. Now, if
Tesla pulls back more dramatically, this
will go up exponentially. But let's take
a look at our deltas. We haven't done
this on the other ones because I was
pretty comfortable with the entry, but
it's always good to take a look at the
delta right here. It's 0.16. Is this
actually a really safer type trade?
Because this means there's just about a
16% chance it will actually land here
and we're being paid a lot of money,
$500 for taking that chance. This is a
stock that I don't feel like longer term
you can actually get stuck with. You may
have to hold on to it for a bit until it
starts taking off again, but there's a
lot on the horizon for Tesla. So, I
really like getting more shares anywhere
under 400. should end up doing really
well in the next 6 months to one year.
Okay, now that you have your entries and
you know what you're going to do, let me
share for you for a minute. What if the
market doesn't pull back? What if you
sell these puts and the market just goes
higher? Well, that's okay, too, because
you'll get to keep all of this premium
and then you'll have your cash available
either to start to dollar cost average
into the stock that you want or you'll
just look for trades that look to be
more beneficial to you. You know, no
matter what's happening in the market,
there's always a quality company that is
ripe for selling puts. That's the best
part about what we do when we sell
options. There's always a trade
somewhere. All right, I hope you all
have a wonderful afternoon. I hope you
get ready for any kind of volatility
that may come our way. Remember, if
you're with me, Trading with Ashley,
there is no trader left behind. Now, if
you want to see a video I picked up
that's going to really help those of you
that want to learn a little bit more on
better ways