It's absolutely remarkable. And we look
at the world's best ball strikers and we
see certain moves in their swings where
we would have thought, "Hang on." I
thought that this was a mistake. Why are
they all doing it though? What's
actually going on here? Does this make
ball striking easier? Is this an easier
way to play? Now, if they're all moving
their heads out towards the ball like
this, what's the at least the reason why
they do it? When we look at amateur
golfers, why are they doing the
opposite? Now, am players are doing the
complete opposite. pulling up and out of
it, standing up and pulling back. But
one thing for sure, you'll never be a
good ball striker from this position
here. But unfortunately, this is
affecting over 95% of amateur golfers.
Now, this may be the most important
video that you've ever seen. The first
part of the video is a simple wrist
position in the back swing that will
give you a chance give you a chance to
move through the golf ball that the
great players do. And the second half of
the video are the feels and the drills
to move through the golf ball like the
great players do and stop standing up.
Really, the only players that you're
seeing hold their hips back with the
driver are the guys who are hitting big
fades, right? You got someone like
Dustin Johnson. Just about every single
99% of us will need a little bit of
movement with the hips slightly towards
the ball. It helps shallow the shaft.
It'll help us hit the ball on the way
up. And we're looking at Mroy, we're
looking at the best players in the world
moving their hips towards the ball,
guys. It's not the end of the world. The
more your head stays out, the higher
this lead shoulder gets, acting as a
wall. You can close up the gap of your
legs. You can transfer your weight. You
can finally
finally lead with your hips without the
top half turning level. When your head
stays out, it really can force and keep
your right leg back. That's why we're
seeing these players move through the
golf ball with this V style position.
You'll see it a lot. You'll see them,
it's almost a chain reaction here. The
more we turn level, all right, the more
we turn level, the head gets pulled away
and the more that this kicks out and
that is the death move. So guys, first
up, there's one thing you have to do
with your trail hand here. And then
later in the video, we're going to have
a look at some of the best drills you've
ever seen to create this position. So
guys, let's have a look at this. Really
easy to do. One simple checkpoint here
so that you can release it more under
with your head out easier. Easy to move
through the golf ball this way. Let's
have a look at this. So just a basic
checkpoint, but unfortunately so many
people getting it wrong and it's just
hurting everyone. Now if I swing back, I
got the bullseye. Bullseye down,
bullseye away. Okay, bullseye down.
Bullseye away. And if I pull my right
hand back here, it's almost like I'm
telling you guys to stop, right? And
I've got around a 45 50° angle measuring
wrist alignments. No joke, in the back
of that wrist. If you break the wrist
back on itself and you see the creases,
there's your go zone. Now, the reason is
when you get bullseye down, bullseye
away, keeps your shoulders down. And
what actually happens from there is you
can release the club more under. It's
easier to hit something more if you can
just do that all day long, right? But if
you fan it open or if you fan it open
coming down, you've got an open face.
You got to roll it over. Unconsciously,
you have to pull everything back. And
that's hard to repeat. You can hit some
good ones, but you know, like one hot
day doesn't make it summer, does it? We
need to be able to consistently propel a
golf ball down the line and have the fun
that we want. It's just such a great
feeling. Now, it really is quite easy to
play solid golf, to play some really
good golf if you know what you're doing.
Look at these two positions here. I have
a look at this club face on the right of
the screen where it's pointing. Have a
look at the club face here on the left.
Now have a look at this. Now this is the
moment of truth. Look at the club face
on the left pointing between 11 and 12.
And look at the club face on the right
pointing between 12 and 1. From here,
ball striking is so much easier. Now
with the club face position on the right
of the screen, you can simply release it
underneath and get inside what we call
the PJ averages. Like when the arms are
halfway through and we draw a line down
through the shoulders. 55° is the
average of the PJ tour player. On the
left of the screen with open face, we
have to kick the right leg, pull around
to unconsciously square up the face. And
unfortunately there when we draw a line
through the shoulders, we're looking at
34°. So guys, we can be technical
without being mechanical, right? Just a
couple of these key moves, just get
close, do a couple of these key moves,
you hit the ball the best that you've
ever hit it. Now, you've all got a cell
phone, right? Now, just send your swing
through to me. This software, this
system, this is what I use for my online
lessons. Send like two seven irons, two
drivers through to me. You get my voice
over. I'll send you a link, sidebyside
examples, drills, and exercises, and
I'll get you hitting the ball. The best
you've ever hit it. I can be your coach.
Reach out to me at worldclassgolf.com.
Right, let's get stuck further on into
the video. Now, so bullseye down,
bullseye away, stop feel, then you can
keep your head out. What I like to do,
you don't have to have one. It's just
that I like to feel this on my arm. It's
the hanger two finger widths away. When
I swing back, it's just simply goes on
my forearm and I keep it there and I can
feel that right now. Like every week,
everyone knows I promote this thing
because it's just so good. Right? So,
it's in the description box, discount
code. You don't have to have it. I'm
just saying it is such a great thing. So
you can get your practice swing, get the
ring to touch, and then keep your head
out here through the golf ball and nice
strike on that one. Got that one right
out of the middle. This is a checkpoint.
I want everyone to get this right hand
pointed away. A stronger position
because from here you can release it
under. You can you don't have to roll
things over. Now let's move into some
awesome feels here. Part two, how we
move more efficiently through the golf
ball. So, people love this drill. Great
way to feel the through swing. Let's
have a look at this. Now, get yourself
set up. Get your left hand on the
outside of your lead leg. Put your head
against the wall. Put your cap against
the wall. Now, let that right arm hang
down. Nice. Get up to the top of your
swing and let that right hand point
away. Now, as you move down and through
the golf ball here, I want you to lift
up your left hand till it gets above
your belt line, pulling your legs back.
Okay. Do it again. Get up to the top of
your swing. Right hand pointed away.
Keep your cap against the wall. Swing
down. Let your left hand lift up above
your belt line and pull your legs back
through the golf ball. Now, do the best
you can with what you've got here. But
this is a great way to feel what the
body's doing. See how my left side's
moving away? Then just move away from
the wall. And that's just the first
feel. This feel here. This is what you
can use when you're practicing. So you
take your address position, left hand on
the outside of your lead leg. And this
is how you practice it. Right hand
points away and then keep your head out
and slide that left hand up above your
belt line. All right? And then just do
one after another. And you can see my
left peg lifting up. Right hand pointed
away. Pull your legs back as your head
staying out. And when you get a feel
from that, get in there and hit a golf
ball. And it's just a great way to put
in two, three, four, five swings, hit a
golf ball, and you're starting to move
your body much more efficiently and
effectively. There's so many unnatural
moves in the golf swing. All right, it's
a very sensitive topic. Everyone's got
their opinion on it. It's amazing, but
there's a lot of unnatural moves. What
we see with a lot of players from the
top of the swing is unfortunately they
move the right shoulder too far out.
Okay? and we we're seeing them move even
when it's just a little bit, but we're
seeing them come in too level. Now, the
problem with that is is that there's
compensation moves. You might actually
be able to hang on to the plane, but
you're out of sync. Maybe your arms will
come out. The idea here really, this is
what I love about this drill. I pop it
out about 10 in and a little bit to the
right of the foot. That that's not the
the idea. You don't have to actually get
in there and do the drill. Just when you
see how the right shoulder really works
when it comes underneath and through the
golf ball here, we're passing past this
swim noodle, this training aid, and
we're not crashing into it. So, such an
important part to notice when we're
getting the right tilt through the golf
ball like the right shoulder moves
under, but it moves forwards. Okay? It's
almost moving under and forwards. It
doesn't just go straight up. Okay? But
we have to get a little bit of
recentering, but then we're going to
work this right side under. Guys, what a
great way to see this shoulder working
too level and work this underneath. Now,
for some of the senior players, and this
is an interesting area, you can do the
the best that you can do, right? If you
can't bend your body in there like Max
Homer, well, I understand that, but
working a little bit on your flexibility
is not a bad thing. But doing the best
you can do will tend to move
unconsciously into very lazy positions
at times. And what I try to do is force
people to stay a little bit closer to
what the young players are doing so that
we can move through the ball much more
effectively. This is a great way to have
a look at where this right shoulder is
kicking out rather than moving under and
helps us all deliver that club head more
effectively into the back of the ball.
So guys, the 40 to 55 degree rule, the
average is a movement, the average of
the PGA to a player. How close are you?
This is the engine. This is the motor of
your golf swing. And it's unbelievable
to see how close these players are to
one another. At the top of the swing,
the shuttles point a yard outside the
golf ball. Halfway through the through
swing, they point half a yard. And you
can measure this. You can have a look
where these top players are. Robert
Rock, 55°. You can measure this with
your cell phone. Just download SwinSlab
in the app store. There's like 500
instructional videos in there.
Evidence-based instruction. It's coming
out on Android at the start of November.
You can join the free trial. Just join
the free trial. Pay nothing. People are
absolutely loving this. Now, let's have
a look at a drill, a feel how we can get
closer to these proven averages of
movement, evidence-based instruction.
So, guys, here's a great way to feel
this move, right? a 40 to 55 degree
rule. Have a look how I've got the golf
club. You can do this at home. You can
do this in the offse. Have a look at
this. Now, I've got the club in the
palms of my hands. The idea here is when
you turn back, you get the combination
of tilt and turn. And you're going to
point this about a yard outside the golf
ball. Well, not about. You're going to
point at a yard outside the golf ball.
So, when I draw a line down here through
the shoulders, watch the number. You'll
get so close. You'll be able to sort of
feel what's going on, right? You get so
close to that 40° rule. That's the PJ
average, the average of the tour
players. Now, on the way through the
golf ball, what you're going to do is
you're going to turn. You're going to
get this left shoulder up pretty much as
high as you can. I want you guys to get
this shoulder up over your ear. And
that's a good checkpoint. If you can get
up to the top of your head, draw a line
down through the shoulders about half a
yard outside the golf ball. You'll get
really close. That's around 54. You're
really close to that 55° rule. And you
can just go back and forth with this
drill, feeling this, connecting the
feels and creating body awareness.
So guys, right, let's have a look at how
we can move a little bit more
efficiently
through the golf ball. It's just
slightly raining here, actually. How do
you know it's summer in Germany? The
rain's a little warmer.
It just doesn't stop. It's unbelievable.
Right, we're going to have a look here.
A little bit of a test. It's going to go
one foot length away from a tour stick
here. This is a little bit of a test and
to create a little bit of a feel. Take
your stance and get your toes on the
line of the tour stick. Now, when you
move or swing forwards, I want to just
see how low down you can reach this tour
stick here. How low down you can
actually get. Now, you can obviously see
that what it does to my footwork, what
it does to the right side of my body.
And this is getting our bends in a great
place. The further down you can get, the
more flexible you are. Once again, a
foot width away here, toes on the line
of the tour stick and reaching down. And
when you have when you stay in that
position just for a second, what you can
do is come back and then recapture and
reconnect
to that feel through
the golf ball. And you you start to feel
like there's a little bit of a bend in
your body. You start to feel like you
get more separation in your top half.
Voted best swing analysis and best
online instruction by several
independent surveys. Worldclass golf
instruction is transforming thousands of
golfers at every skill level. Do not
miss out. This video platform has over
1,400 videos and 85 separate masterclass
series. The most structured and detailed
video platform ever created improving
golfers on average between 4 and 11
shots. Join the chat room and join the
community of worldclass golf
instruction. This is golf instruction
that you've never seen before. The
proven PGA corridors, factual
evidence-based material. Unleash your
true potential with the cuttingedge
swing analysis technology. Experience
the thrill of progress with the
state-of-the-art practice programs and
specialized golf fitness plans. Best
information available.
So guys, in March 2026, I'll be in
Florida doing golf schools with renowned
biomechanics instructor Dr. Robert Neil
who works with Matt Fitzpatrick, Jason
Day and so many other tour stars. And
then I'll be heading down south a little
bit to work with Eric Kagorno, YouTube
star Eric Aorno, great coach, great
friend of mine in a series of golf
schools. Anyone interested in great
information and improving at the start
of the season to get your game into the
best places ever been, reach out to me
at craigclassgolf.com.