Warning, the trap is being set right now
to wreck as many people as possible
across the crypto markets and what
happens next in the crypto charts will
create even more confusion. In this
video, I'm going to share with you the
blueprint of exactly what is happening
behind the scenes in crypto right now
and what will continue to play out for
the next few months ahead. By
understanding the blueprint, you're
going to know exactly when to be
entering and when to be exiting this
market because there's a game being
played behind the scenes. And if you
fail to understand that, you will just
become a tool of the smart money that
runs this market. This is one of the
most important videos I have made in
months. Do me a favor, hit the like
button. Let's find out how it all works.
Now guys, before we dive in and find out
exactly what that trap is and what is
playing out right now in the markets.
Just a quick disclaimer, nothing I say
in this video is financial advice.
Everything I say is for entertainment
purposes only. If you wish to invest in
crypto, you should understand that it's
risky and you can lose money. So don't
risk money you can't afford to lose. And
always do your own research before
investing in anything. Now that we got
that out the way, let's crack on with
it. Now guys, I know the crypto market
is dipping again today. Just a few days
ago, it was pumping. We were all getting
excited again. And lo and behold, we're
back to where we were just a few weeks
ago. And this has been playing out time
and time again over the last few weeks,
months, years. People are tired. People
don't want to take this anymore. And
guess what? It's all happening for a
reason. This is all by design. There are
people who control this crypto market
and how this crypto market moves. And if
you could understand exactly how they're
controlling it, then you're going to
gain conviction in understanding what
happens next. And by understanding what
happens next and key telltale signs of
when to start exiting this market,
you're going to be one of the 5% of
people who actually make money in
crypto. 95% of people lose money in
crypto. That's not a madeup statistic.
Majority of people here will lose. Okay?
If you can understand though what I'm
going to teach you, you have a good
chance of making some money, perhaps
even lots of money in this market. So,
why are we seeing all of this confusion
right now? Why is this bull market
different to the last few? Well, this
bull market, you may have been aware,
has been lasting for quite a long time
now. Bitcoin and Ethereum seem to have
been running since back in 2022. A lot
of altcoins out there, however, have had
a pretty tough old time. So, what's the
difference? Why are we seeing Bitcoin,
Ethereum, Salana, XRP, and a handful of
other larger cap coins having really
pretty good bull markets while the rest
of the market seems dead? Well, because
this bull market is very different from
the last one. In the last bull market,
when Ethereum was yet to break all-time
highs from the previous bull market,
which was back in early 2021, there was
literally no retail. Very few retail
investors, in fact. Okay, not no retail
for someone who wants to correct me
down. There was retail investors, but
just not that many. The majority of
people from the last bull market joined
in Q4 of 2021. That was the end of the
bull market. The blowoff type, the worst
time to potentially be entering into the
market. Okay? And then what happened is
the market came down. Then people have
started to join throughout this bull
market. So really like 90% of people in
crypto right now probably weren't even
in crypto until late 2021. And I would
gather that many of you who entered in
late 2021, correct me if I'm wrong, lost
a lot of money. Tell me down below what
you lost. But many people as well have
been losing money throughout this bull
market as well because it's been choppy.
It's been confusing. And it's happened
for a reason. It's been confusing
because the smart money needs to keep
you out as long as possible. You being
retail investors. Retail investors
didn't exist early in the last bull
market. So, Bitcoin, Ethereum rallied
and altcoins kind of rallied after that.
everything went to plan. Right now
though, we've seen many bull market
rallies. Everyone's got too excited
probably a little bit too early and then
we've come back down again. Remember,
the confusion is created to keep you out
the markets. And while you are here in
the markets right now and maybe you're
all in, good for you because you
probably been doing your research. You
probably subscribed to the channel. Many
people are still not even here. No one's
even looking. There's people who
probably lost a lot of money this cycle
or last cycle who don't even want to be
involved in crypto. they will be back
and they will be back at the wrong time
yet again. Inevitably, they will always
enter when the market hits a certain
point and we'll get to that point later
on. So, where are we at right this
second and why should you not be that
concerned despite all this chop that
we're seeing right now? Well, this is
the Ethereum chart. And if you remember
back to a video I made a few weeks ago
and a tweet that I put out around the
22nd of September, then you've probably
seen this before. Down below you got the
Woff accumulation which is a
100-year-old chart pattern from Richard
Woff who in the 1920s identified that
the big Wall Street whales were using
various different price action to shake
out retail investors and weak hands etc.
and they were basically using this to
know when to enter etc. Now as you can
see according to this we have an SOS
phase which we are still sat in right
now. Ethereum right now at the time of
making this video is $4,350.
It's still shaking around in the SOS
phase. Phase D, final point of confusion
across retail investors who are still
not really sure whether this is going to
be a bull market because you know when
phase E hits, which is a massive leg up
where Ethereum will break clean beyond
this previous all-time high. Yes, we
tipped above it the other day, but we
need to clean break above it. When that
happens, that's going to cause the
market to understand for real that this
is actually a bull market and it hasn't
all just been completely fake. Okay?
When retail starts to feel like that,
there is only a finite amount of time
for the smart money, the whales, to
manipulate the market. Now, who might
those whales be? I hear you cry. Well,
you probably heard of a few people.
Donald Trump has his World Liberty
Finance Organization that's run by his
two sons. Donald Trump is pretty heavily
involved in crypto. He's the crypto
president. Black Rockck, the world's
largest asset manager with $9 trillion
of assets under management, heavily
invested in Bitcoin. Despite thinking
the Bitcoin was BS in the last bull
market, they've done a full 180. Isn't
it interesting how Black Rockck seem to
have been less educated than a lot of
retail investors in how important
Bitcoin and crypto might be? Yeah,
convenient, right? They basically have
started to identify there's opportunity
here. Now, they might have been saying
it for a long time, but the price hasn't
reflected it. So no one is trusting
what's going on behind the scenes. They
however have been accumulating massively
at every given opportunity. Like when
the Japan carry trade happened last year
in August, massive panic set in. And
then we had this the trade tariff wars.
The first iteration of the trade tariff
wars like this when we had like World
War II for 24 hours. Uh and then this
was like trade wars 2.0. Uh and then
something else happened recently that I
can't even remember. And then lo and
behold, Bitcoin continues to go up every
single time. Market gets shaken out. Lo
and behold, Bitcoin gets bought up in
massive quantities by Black Rockck,
World Liberty Finance, all the people
who are mates with Donald Trump and
everyone else in the know of how this
market really runs. Okay? Now, media is
used by them as a tool to show you where
the market's going. Now, this is used in
conjunction with market makers and
exchanges, Binance, Coinbase. It
shouldn't confuse you to understand that
the people behind these exchanges have
been meeting with Donald Trump, have
been meeting with Black Rockck, have
been meeting with all sorts of other
people. Okay, this market is controlled
by very few because remember very few
can make money while the majority have
to lose because lots of money has to go
funneled into the hands of a few. So if
we know that there's confusion right now
and we're not too sad and salty that
we're not part of Black Rockck and
whatever else and we just have to accept
that if we can't beat them, we should
join them, then we can understand what
the game plan is about to be. Let me
show you what is about to happen. When
Ethereum rallies above this point,
you're going to move into a point of
hope and excitement and that's where
everyone else is going to end up as
well. Now, that's good for you because
you've been in crypto. The majority of
people haven't been paying attention the
last few months. They've been sidelined.
They've not been interested. Those
people will start to come back. And when
they start to come back, they will start
to add more money. Everyone starts to
add more money because they start to
make money. Right now, you might have
been pulling money out, which is what
people tend to do when the market's in
fear. And there's a lot of people who
are yet to even join the crypto markets,
have never even purchased any Bitcoin or
Ethereum or whatever else. They will
eventually start to get into the market.
They're going to be getting in because
you and all your buddies have been
telling them how much money you've been
making on Pangu and Aether and all the
coins that I talked about in my
portfolio video just yesterday. Make
sure you go and check that out after
this video so you understand the full
game plan of why loading up right now
before altcoin season is probably a
reasonable bet and then you're going to
understand how the game plays out. So
once that starts to play out, people
start to get excited. Now, you won't get
everybody aping into the market just yet
because they're still going to be like,
"Well, yeah, uh, this guy, he already
told me back in like September last year
that it was a great time to get into
crypto and I got into this coin and that
coin and it went down, so I don't trust
anyone." Hey, and then you're still
going to be in that kind of period of
time where no one trusts anyone. But
people will start to believe in
something they can trust when it starts
to hit mainstream media. This is what
happens. And as the market continues to
rally, you're going to start to see
Ethereum hits an all-time high on BBC,
on Fox News, on CNBC, or whatever it is
that you're watching around the world.
You're going to start to see this
happening. You're then going to start to
hear lots of other exciting news stories
about people making tons of money on
NFTTS or on Doge, like in the last bull
market when Elon Musk tweeted about
Dogecoin or when Justin Bieber bought a
Cryptounk NFT or a board ape or whatever
it was. these kind of celebrity
endorsements will start to come in as
well. Everyone will start to focus their
attention in this direction. And then
guess what happens? This gets more and
more furious, more and more exciting.
And all of this is controlled by two
things media and price action. Who
controls the media? I hear you cry.
Well, the people I've already named.
Also, who controls the price action?
Well, the market makers with the
exchanges and everyone else. So when
people are in the comments being like,
"Well, this bull market won't be the
same cuz retail is not here and retail
won't come in." First of all, you are
retail. Okay, I don't know what you are.
Are you Larry Finbay? You are retail.
And on top of that, the rest of retail
who comes in to buy from people who are
in the market right now, they come in
because the price goes up. They don't
come in at the bottom because they've
heard the market's going to be good.
They come in at the worst time because
the market pumps and all their buddies
and the news and everyone's telling them
to get in. It's all by design. So,
everyone likes to come up with all the
reasons and whatever to behind why this
market can't pump. But this market pumps
because of basically control. Now, why
is the market not pumping yet? I hear
you cry. Well, because the market has
been held back until the liquidity
exists in the system big enough to
support a crazy blown bull market. Yeah,
happens time and time again. So, how do
we know it's coming? Well, because we're
at the end of the 18 and a half year
housing market cycle. Now, this comes
from Jason Pazino, who has a very
interesting channel talking about
macroeconomics, uh, and its link with
crypto, and also what's going on with
Bitcoin, Ethereum, maybe a handful of
the larger altcoins, etc. But he's
basically brought up this chart, which
is over 100 years old, saying that every
18 and 1/2 years, there is a housing
market cycle that goes between booms and
busts. And within this cycle, you have
too many bull markets and one major
blowoff top bull market, the final bull
market. And guess what? We are in the
end of that 18 and 1/2 year housing
market cycle. Because if you can think
back to 18 and a half years for those of
you who are old enough to do it, you can
remember 2008 financial crisis, right?
If you ever tried to find a job around
that time, I personally graduated from
university. Not a great time to be
graduating, which is why I made a career
in crypto YouTube rather than actually
working at somewhere probably more
reputable. But you know, this is how it
plays out. Then you'll understand that's
what happened at the end of the last
cycle. But just before that, okay, the
2007s and whatever, people were making
insane amounts of money. People were
making crazy money. If you watch the big
short where people are selling people
properties on stupid mortgage loans and
whatever else, everyone was making tons
of money. That same thing is pretty much
happening now. I mean, look at gold,
look at the stock market, look at
housing, look at everything right now.
They're all pumping like crazy. Bitcoin
has been pumping like crazy. Ethereum
sits at all-time highs. But the wider
altcoin market is yet to get going. It
doesn't have the excitement and the hype
that it needs for the smart money who
entered earlier into Bitcoin and ETH and
larger caps to be able to exit yet, but
they will be exiting at some point. And
this is what it basically will continue
to be. So, everyone gets hyped, excited,
market moves higher, altcoins start to
rally like crazy. When people who have
been invested in Bitcoin and Ethereum
have started to make some good money,
they're then like, well, I want to start
to make more money elsewhere. They then
go and ape into all the altcoins. All
the altcoin owners, they will then push
money into marketing and everything else
to pump the prices of their coins,
causing retail FOMO into whatever trends
hot from one day to the next. This is
what altcoin season is and it's why it's
very dangerous and will be the most
dangerous time because this is the final
phase of the 18 and 1/2 year housing
market cycle. And the next bare market
will be horrendous. Okay, not only will
it be horrendous, but there's a good
chance that a lot of jobs in the job
markets also go away. So, I'm not trying
to scare you, but I'm telling you the
importance of trying to actually do well
in this bull market and not just
treating it like some sort of gamble at
the races or whatever. There is a
potential that the next bare market,
global bare market, not just crypto,
could be pretty painful. Okay, just a
bit of a warning for you. And just to
prove to you that this is the way that
everything works and that you should not
be concerned in crypto until everyone
starts to get hyped and excited. Well,
here it is. This is the Bitcoin chart.
When did we feel most bullish over the
last few years? Let's think about it.
Was it probably back in December or
January when Donald Trump launched a
memecoin and the day that Donald Trump
told everyone that he was going to be
pro crypto and we were going to get the
United States of America buying crypto
and everything was pretty good. Do you
remember that? Well, I remember that.
And do you know who else remembers that?
Old Larry Frink, the CEO of BlackRock.
Now, I was just trying to do some
research earlier. I just decided to
search LarryFink Bitcoin 300K to see
whether or not I could find something.
And I came down below. This is on the
Brave browser, which is pretty crap
compared to the Chrome browser, but
maybe a bit more secure. I went down and
look on the 23rd of March, Larry Frink,
CEO, says Bitcoin's going to go between
500K and 700,000. 26th of January. 26th
of January. Look at these. NASDAQ,
Bitcoin News, Decrypt, DL News, The Mly
Fool, uh Yahoo Finance, CoinDesk,
Forbes, 23rd of January. 23rd of
January. Look at it, guys. Look at this.
Insane. Let's go back to the Bitcoin
chart and just look what happened on the
23rd of January. Okay. 2023, 23rd of
January was here. Interesting, right?
How interesting that Larry Frink, the
CEO of the world's largest asset
management company, would call for a
massive pump in crypto at the time,
which is probably the worst time. If you
told your friend to buy on this day, you
are probably not friends with them
anymore. Okay? And if you have a friend
who told you that, you're probably not
friends with them anymore because after
that market tanks, okay? Sells off. And
Bitcoin came down. Yeah. Not actually
that much. But Ethereum came down
harder. Very hard in fact. Uh and
altcoins came down massively, massively
hard. Okay. This is how you know
everything is controlled. The feelings
that you have, if they are linked to the
performance of the price chart, are the
wrong feelings to have. Okay? Avoid
being too emotionally involved with
what's happening on these charts. When
everyone's scared and worried and
fearful, that's when you should be
bullish. When everyone is kind of in the
middle and whatever else, bearing in
mind that we were in a bull market
because we haven't had that kind of
crazy blowoff top phase. Yes, we had a
mini bit of excitement here. Well, how
do I know that that wasn't the top back
then? Well, because Bitcoin is now
higher. So, how could that possibly have
been the top? Because now the top is
higher than that for those of you trying
to outsmart me down below. Okay. Anyway,
we need to wait for the next phase of
whenever it is for this to happen. Okay?
And it happens very fast because when
this breaks through here, okay, it's
going to start to create euphoria,
excitement across the crypto markets.
And when that happens, you need to be
cautious and stay away from it. Now, one
of the easiest things to do, okay, go
and follow people on Twitter. First of
all, follow me, Peter_THC, cuz I'll keep
you up to date with what's going on.
Also, under the likes of Alex Becca,
CryptoLark, and a lot of like YouTubers
who've been in the space for a long time
and have bigger channels for sure than
me over the longer period of time. Go
into the comments down below. You might
be feeling good and you might be feeling
bullish and confident because things
have been playing out in the long run
pretty much like we kind of anticipated
that they would. Many people out there
are still scared, panicked, worried
right now. That's not alltime high
behavior, okay? The behavior of people
is such an easy thing to do when we are
seeing shakeouts in the market like
we're seeing right now. I'm really not
concerned. This is just the SOS phase of
WOFF, right? How low can ETH come? Maybe
maybe we're lucky enough that ETH gets
down to here and then does that. But
ultimately, this is what we should
expect to really be playing out in the
coming kind of day or so ahead. Okay,
because this is what's happening in ETH
and within I would say a week to two
weeks, Ethereum is going to break
alltime high and the wider altcoin
market is going to go bananas. Okay. And
I'm able to stick to that conviction
because I understand like crazy the
sentiment and I understand the
macroeconomics of what drives this
market. And I understand that this
market is fully manipulated by people
with much more money and influence than
me and you probably. So just remain
calm. In the short term everything is
fine. Everything is going to get very
much more exciting. And when it starts
to get more exciting then you should
think maybe I should be a little bit
more cautious. But it will take a month
or two for that to play out. Now guys,
if you want to have more in-depth
understanding of what is really
happening in crypto so that you can
understand for yourself where we're at
from day to day and be able to watch
over my shoulder on Zoom calls, which we
do once a week, as well as be able to
interact with me and be able to interact
with three other experts who are working
full-time in crypto, then make sure you
join the Moonhouse, which is linked down
below in the description. We're not
going to be keeping that open probably
for that many more weeks because I kind
of want to keep it smaller as we move
through this bull market to be able to
manage each and every one individual
with as much attention as they deserve.
So if you are worried or thinking that
you might miss out, make sure you get
into that as soon as possible. Guys, I
hope you enjoyed this video, found it
useful, ain't nothing to worry about. Go
check out my portfolio video that I made
yesterday so that you can be able to
prepare yourself for things that are
coming along. Okay, remain calm.
Everything's all right. Hit the like
button. Subscribe if you haven't
already. And I'll see you tomorrow.