So, after my recent video about Candace
Owens posting text threads about Charlie
Kirk's last days and the narratives, I
ended up getting 100 people unsubscribed
from the video within the hour, but
another hundred subscribed. So, I want
to say thank you uh to the new people
coming in and actually hearing me out on
what I'm doing on this channel, which is
searching and trying to be reasonable
and not be too conspiratorial because I
have been in the past. So, I'm trying to
be extremely careful while also giving
you guys the best information that I can
find. But right now, Charlie Kirk's
producer and also co-host and one of his
best friends actually just confirmed
that Candace Owens text thread that she
posted about Charlie Kirk leaving the
Israel cause because a lot of his Jewish
donors were pressuring him to not
platform her or Tucker Carlson. He
confirms that it is true. So, I'm going
to play that video. And I also want to
make this video about the fact that
there's a lot of people again trying to
hijack what Charlie Kirk and how he
thought during his final days, right,
during his last day and during his final
week of life that he actually was seeing
something that he didn't like. And a lot
of people want to erase the fact that
that's how he was feeling and how
important this topic is. Now, I'm not
here to justify that Candace Owens is
doing this for every good reason because
I actually don't know. I think that what
she's doing is getting results and
getting people now to see what is true
about the text messages. But I know from
me as a content creator, as somebody
that has been speaking about this for a
very long time, I think it is important
that we do not ignore the story and make
people out to be crazy because that's
what people are doing. They're saying if
you start to talk about this, if you say
something, then you are absolutely crazy
for speaking about it. So this is Andrew
Co confirming something that a lot of
people just did not want to be true,
even me, because this just makes the
story so much more. And it's not that I
don't want it to be true. I just know
that now we have a lot more work to do
as far as uh getting people to be
understanding of what exactly Charlie
Kirk was doing in his final days versus
what they're telling you he wasn't or
was. Let's get right into it. This is
Andrew Kov basically uh breaking down uh
Candace Owen's text messages that a lot
of people again said that they were fake
and that she's crazy and that she's
making this up. Here he is. But I want
to take the start of this show to
address some of the things that have
been going around on public, namely
about a text, a group text chain that
has been made known uh and released uh
by Candace Owens. And I just want to
address it headon because uh you know
that was a text grab a screen grab that
I had shared uh with people. So it it is
authentic and I want to go into it
because I actually am really excited
that the the truth is out there. I first
want to say the reason I have I didn't
share that screen grab publicly is
because it was a private it was a
private exchange and I felt like it
didn't necessarily comport with things
that were already public. I wanted to
not betray my friend's trust in that
way. But I did share it with some people
in government because it happened really
quick. It was you know it took 33 hours
for authorities to get their suspect.
And in that first in those first
moments, we wanted no stone unturned. We
wanted to leave nothing unturned. So I
shared it with a few people. Don't know
where it went from there apparently. Uh
but here we are. So one of the reasons
Blake that I'm glad to have this now
public, it was not mine to share
publicly, but you know, one of the
criticisms we've been we've received is
that we don't care. We're not
investigating every lead. We're not
looking under every stone. and that
somehow we're just like, you know,
sweeping things under the rug. And when
I say that we want justice for Charlie
more than anybody else, I really mean
it. And no stone unturned. I mean, I I
don't know if you want to chime in on
that part alone, but I have more to say.
>> Yeah. I So, it's it has been so
frustrating to have people blow up about
this. And you know, we've stated I've
certainly stated publicly, the reason I
haven't weighed in on things is I am an
eyewitness to events and they've said
don't comment on things because anything
you say can mess that up. I don't want
to mess up any trial for the person who
did this.
>> You guys let me know how you feel about
this. How you feel about this? Many
people again making the case that this
should have been shared that Candace
Ozone should not have to have to dig for
this. and how did she find that she's
wrong for sharing it? Uh, and there's
just so much going on, but the text
messages, they're true, and this is
where we're at. So, I understand why
people feel that way. But here is the
most important conversation I want to
have with you, and I want to have with
everybody.
I've seen people switch up. I've seen
people take drastic measures and go
beyond where I never thought they would
go. And Andrew Kovit actually does
something here. He teaches me something
and something I and saying to you
of who Charlie Kirk was versus who these
people are trying to make him out to be.
Everybody has an agenda. Everyone.
There's people that have the agenda that
they're anti-Israel and that Israel did
it and Israel is responsible and all of
this and all of that. There's those
people and then there's the people that
are pro-Israel that are saying, "No,
Charlie Kirk was never anti-Israel. He
was a Zionist. He would never do this."
Here's the point that people are
missing. And I think this is the most
important point. Charlie Kirk was a
loyal friend. And he was as Zionist and
as pro- Israel as you can get. Aside
from the fact that he felt that there
was Jewish donors who were pressuring
him to not platform people that he loved
and platform different ideas.
He stood loyal to them. He stood loyal
to them. And that's the story here
because Tyler Robinson is the shooter so
far from what we know. He wasn't working
for Israel so far from what we know. Or
was he? I guess we really don't know.
But that's not the point of this
particular video because this particular
video is about the people that have
jumped shipped call you crazy called you
crazy as they think that by being
anti-Cand Owens by being anti-Tucker
Carlson by s calling you names calling
you this saying this Charlie Kirk was
literally standing up for his friends in
his final weeks of living. Take a listen
to this story right here by Charlie
Kirk's co-producer on the Charlie Kirk
show. Charlie was loyal to people that
he had shared history with, right? He
was asked, I think this may be what you
were about to say, Blake, he was asked
about Candace before in public, and he
would always say, "Listen, we're
friends." He would never he would never
say an ill word about her. And if
people, you know, tried to force him to
do that about Tucker or whatever, he
would always be defiant because he
didn't want to be morally blackmailed.
>> Exactly. Exactly. Charlie was he was
loyal to people who had ever been
friends to him, whether it was very old
donors or just people who had worked
with Turning Point. And you know, as
long as they were not attacking him, he
would, you know, he would he would not
air any dirty laundry or frankly any
disagreements he had with people. He did
disagree with Candace on the Israel
issue. He disagreed with Tucker on the
Israel issue, but he also recognized
Tucker had positions they agreed on.
Tucker was a useful voice in the
conservative movement on many things.
And so he invited him to events and you
know they were popular events and so he
would react sometimes people would just
say yeah don't invite him or we're going
to you know cut off some large donation
and that would make him angry. He would
say this yeah as you say this is moral
blackmail and he's this he's this
Scottish guy he's combative. His
reaction to that is, you know, you know
the classic like uh screw me, no screw
you, you know, that sort of
>> No, he he had and I it's one of the my
favorite parts about Charlie is just how
like defiant and independent he was. He
was never going to
>> he could not be controlled by you could
not buy and he was not bought and paid
for. You could not control him uh with
money. It just wasn't the way he was
wired. He didn't actually care about
money that much. And so what's going on
here? What is going on here? You guys
can look up what the text say. What is
going on is Charlie, as I mentioned, he
always he loved Israel. He cared about
Israel. He cared about the holy land and
he was aware there was a surge of
anti-Israel sentiment on the right.
Charlie was thought seriously about this
issue and was trying to chart a path
forward for people who are sympathetic
to Israel. He was playing the good cop
here. He was saying you guys don't
realize how bad it could potentially
get. You might have to you have to
change your PR. That's why he writes a
letter to BB. You are losing the PR war.
You need to change how you do your PR.
You need to change your messaging to the
American right. you might need to change
what you expect from us that you're not
going to be able to count on just for
example unlimited military aid from
America that's just not going to be
tenable going forward so maybe it has to
be a more passive relationship maybe you
need to give more support towards
America like so uh in you know more
support towards America and for example
opposing Islamic migration into America
that's one thing he thought we could
ally on and he was trying to do all of
this because he cared about the
relationship and wanted to chart a way
forward on it and he
feel angry and upset when people would
react to this by blowing up and
suggesting he was an anti-semite or a
hater. He would get angry about that
because he knew it was untrue. And then
Netanyahu why he thought it was very
important. And again, I'm trying to
paint this picture for those who are
misled by maybe me or maybe others is
that the real story here is that nobody
fought for Israel more than that guy.
And for those things, even if he
platformed people that did not like the
idea because he felt that I, me, and
many others around America were starting
to lose faith in the state of Israel.
They were not liking Netanyahu. They did
not like what was going on after October
7th. By the way, it's been how long? 3
years, two years since that atrocity
happened, since that attack happened.
That's terrible. By the way, rest in
peace to those who lost their lives. But
there were things that took place that
and an uh you know Andrew Kovit says
here that Charlie Kirk was letting the
government know and BB Netanyahu know.
And so when they when he did that and
they started to call him an anti-semite,
he felt that they were trying to take
some type of control over him and what
he can or cannot say.
And that's he stood loyal. He stood
loyal to Tucker. He stood loyal to
people who were growing this sentiment
about the state of Israel. That's the
story here in my opinion before we can
deep dive. Who was it? How was it?
What's the truth? What's not the truth?
What the truth is is that he died a
loyal friend and that he was willing to
lose the donor money because he did not
want to be morally blackmailed. And yes,
in his final days, he was saying, "Hey,
you know what? I might have to leave
this cause for a little bit because you
guys are starting to lose public the
public perception, the sentiment. I'm
trying to help you guys, but you guys
are not you guys are not helping
yourselves. You're trying to morally
blackmail me to stop bringing these
voices and you're playing into the
narratives." That is in the text chain.
I'm not making this up. That is in the
text chains. So, when people come and
they said that you were crazy and that
you were this, you were that, I mean,
you can, you could do that all day. But
Charlie Kirk
on his like he did not did not get rid
of those friends. He actually brought
them on to have conversation to have
friendly debates about this issue
because that is how you solve it in the
United States of America. Differences of
opinion, you debate them. That's what he
did. That was what he lived on. He lived
on debating people. But I want you to
take a look at this. I think this is
this is another important video. And
again, I'm trying to get people to
understand what I'm seeing here. You
don't have to agree with me, which I
understand. You probably won't, but man,
I know I'm not going crazy here. So,
let's actually go to Josh Hammer. Josh
Hammer, who was on the text chain, who
again was mentioned by, of course,
Candace Owens. He Josh Hammer, I want
you to listen to the way he spoke about
Charlie Kirk's platforming of Tucker
Carlson. I want you to know that this is
the type of pressure that Charlie Kirk
was under
because Charlie Kirk again stood loyal
to Tucker Carlson. You had people like
Josh Hammer with powerful voices about
Israel saying this about who Tucker
Carlson was and why well you'll hear it.
What Charlie was essentially trying to
do was he was essentially trying to
figure out how to navigate this to keep
the Nick Fuentes neo-Nazi Groper stuff
at bay while trying to meet the younger
generation, the Gen Z folks who are who
are pretty wobbly on this issue, kind of
meet them on their own terms and to and
to try to kind of guide them towards it
towards a better place without using
kind of the outmoded rhetoric and
talking points of kind of the 1970s
1980s boomers. That's essentially what
he was trying to do. Now, we can quibble
as to whether he made the right decision
here or there. I happen to not like that
Tucker Carlson speaks at Turning Point
USA events. I think Tucker Carlson is is
a malicious anti-semite. I think he's
the most dangerous anti-semite in the
history of the United States. I think he
is that he is a profoundly dangerous
man. I really I I genuinely
>> Josh Hammer says that Tucker Carlson is
a raging anti-semite and that he is the
biggest threat to Jews in America.
that this is where this thing just goes
off the rails. I got to take my glasses
off for this cuz I think we have gotten
to this point.
Tucker Carlson is the biggest threat to
Jews. He's the biggest anti-semite.
Josh Hammer, who was in the thread, has
has said this.
This is what he feels. So, could you
imagine the type of pressure that
Charlie Kirk was under when he has
Jewish donors threatening to pull money?
You have people saying that Tucker
Carlson is the biggest anti-semite
and there's people playing into this.
But
this is this is where it gets tricky,
man, because you have to make a decision
here. You have a moral obligation to
make a decision as to what you want to
stand with Josh Hammer and believe that
Tucker Carlson is this big bad wolf guy
who hates Jews and is the biggest
anti-semite
because that is who they believed
Charlie Kirk was loyal to. He was loyal
to a big anti-semite.
Or you can look at Tucker Carlson and
say, "Well, man, I'm not going to lie. I
I've I've seen anti-semmites. Tucker
Carlson isn't close to that. He just he
just despises Netanyahu and he has found
himself to be on the side of Matt Gates,
Marjorie Taylor Green,
many different people who happen to be
left and right on BB Netanyahu and on
Israel's influence on America,
but he's a big raising he's the biggest
threat to Jews. That's where I
think that Charlie Kirk was at. I'm
trying to I'm trying to get the p like
the the I'm trying to get the picture in
my head as to where Charlie Kirk was at.
And of course, you're gonna feel that
much pressure when in their world,
Charlie Kirk,
he's he's he's giving Turning Point USA
to Charlie uh to uh Tucker Carlson,
excuse me. And this is what Josh Hammer
believes Tucker Carlson is.
So, we've kind of gotten to this leftist
standpoint where I always say that the
one of the main reasons I got into
politics is because every time I looked
up, I see people starting to live in
different universes in the different
worlds.
Trump is a Hitler. Trump is Hitler.
Trump is the worst type of person. They
Trump, they're coming for your rights.
They're coming for you. I people began
to be feel morally obligated to to do
things to to to start moving a certain
way because of that rhetoric that you
are the big threat to me and my ideas
and my livelihood and my people.
That is the same type of language that
I'm hearing here about Tucker Carlson
who Charlie Kirk is putting up on the
stage.
He also had
Dave Smith
debate.
Dave Smith debated he debated a a
someone who was on the pro-Israel side.
Dave Smith is not a Zionist. He's not a
but he he was friends with Charlie Kirk.
You guys get where I'm going with this?
You get the point of this video. I hope
you do because there's so many people
unsubscribing for me. I'm really trying
my best to give that perspective, the
best perspective as a Christian of what
it may have been like and why those
texts are very important because there
are people trying to hijack. There's
there's a whole there's a kid who is now
being pushed
who's very pro-Israel by the way to be
the next leader of Turning Point USA.
But now that you know that Charlie Kirk
was not leading in that direction,
you're going to replace him now with
somebody that is.
That's why me from the normal point of
view trying to understand here. I think
that's why this gets dangerous because
people will start to jump to those
conclusions. You're replacing Charlie
Kirk with this kid who is now
who is this kid? You know, why is he
flying on private jets? Who what is he
like? Why are you guys jumping this? And
again, you know, maybe some people share
the sentiment, maybe some people don't,
but man, I got to tell you guys, you
know, this this isn't cool. A lot of the
things that I've seen, people turn their
backs on others and try to defend their
Israel position and other people trying
to defend their anti-Israel position.
But in reality, what is the real truth
here? The real truth here is that
Charlie Kirk was loyal to those people
that he loved even though they differed
his ideas, principal ideas about Jesus.
Uh not about Jesus, excuse me, about
Israel being the Holy Land or why you
shall protect it and all that. And
people began to his close friends.
But then you have people like Josh
Hammer and other people who are donating
and and have influence saying, "Look,
man, you can't do this. You can't go in
this direction. It's not good.
And Charlie Kirk, confirmed by his
friends, said, "You know what? I don't
care what you think is good or bad. I'm
I'm going to do this because this is
what I want to do. And I'm tired of you
guys holding me hostage at this point.
I'm going to have to walk away from
this."
That's the truth. So, so, so that's what
I get from this. And maybe somebody else
has another truth, but that's what I
think the truth is,
you know. And so I I pray for this
country, bro. I pray for Christians. I
pray for everybody, man. I really do
because I try not to talk about these
things as much no more. I talked about
it, you know, here and there. I gave
glimpses, but I don't want to make my
whole channel this cuz I don't I don't
think this I think there's so many
bigger stuff happening in the United
States of America, but this is starting
to be one of those things where you
can't avoid no more. You can't you
shouldn't try to avoid it. And I have
had my stance not be pro-Israel. And
I've had people unsubscribe from me and
I never cared.
But I feel like I have to talk about
this because people are so pro- Israel
that they're willing to ignore the
truth. And people are so anti-Israel,
people are also willing to ignore what
the truth is. So that's my opinion. Let
me know what you guys think. Maybe some
of you guys differ. If you do, comment
down below if you guys actually agree.
Also, let me know if you guys agree. I
love you guys and I'll see you guys on
the next one.