A golf shot should be simple, but we
tend to have a million swing thoughts.
But this simple swing variation makes
you focus on just two simple steps. It's
what I've called the push and pull
technique. It eliminates all that extra
noise and what happens is you end up
hitting cleaner, more consistent shots
than you ever have before. We're going
to begin with the push element of this
swing. Okay, push.
First, I just want to very briefly
explain why pushing is actually more
beneficial than pulling on your back
swing. Because a lot of you are, you
know, right side dominant if you're
right-handed golfer, left side dominant
if you're a left-handed golfer. That's
generally how it is. Because what
happens when we are a little bit too
overdinant with the trail side, we kind
of get a bit handsy, especially when
we're a little bit anxious, we sort of
lose the sequence and the intention to
complete our movement to load up enough.
We end up pulling the club around. We
end up pulling with the right side. We
end up whipping it on the outside and
then we have to pick it up because we
know we're too far back here and you
think, "Oh crap, I've got to get back
there." So the club comes up or you end
up coming over the top this way. Also
with the right side domination and
pulling on the back swing instead of
pushing, we can get just sort of short
and stuck cuz we pull it on the inside.
We're not really winding up cuz we get
too narrow. Then we end up having to
cast it that way. So the push element is
what we need on the back swing because
what it's going to do is actually give
us some width
width. So, what do we push with at
setup? I want you to feel that you're
actually with your trail arm, once you
have internally rotated it here. We've
got lessons on that. I'm actually going
to feel like I'm pushing this club
further away from me here. My right arm
is always trying to straighten. That's
the idea. It's trying to straighten. But
whether I feel it more in my left or my
right, I don't really matter. There's
nuances and benefits to both. I just
want to keep this really simple. Your
intention is with both hands on the club
to feel like you're pushing away. Now, I
do not have tension. I'm not pushing
this way. I'm not swaying. I am staying
centered. My nose is staying in the
middle. My sternum is staying here. My
weight distribution is staying here. But
I am pushing away. I am pushing away.
I'm not thinking about rotating a lot.
I'm just moving the club that way
because if I push here, that club, the
left hand can reach. If I push with
here, my right hand can reach. But if we
get them working together, we can get a
lot of width and we create a bigger
range of motion without any extra force.
Sir, please don't make me use force.
From here, I am nicely on plane. I can
carry on my swing. Momentum will take me
further. My pushing instinct is just to
about here. I don't want to keep pushing
pushing that way, but I'm pushing to
here. This is giving me a nice shape and
I'm trying to maintain this shape as I
move back down. Now we get on to the
down swing and the pull. Is this
resonating with you? Do you find you get
over complicated and confused? Do you
feel that your dominant side takes over?
Let me know in the comments below
because I want to hear how this helps
you. Now we've fixed the push. So,
what's the problem with pushing with the
down swing? Well, it's kind of that
right side dominant problem. If we push
here with the right side, the strong
side, we end up coming over the top. We
end up overdominating the body. We lose
that sequence. If we push from the top,
that comes over the top. We have to
stall even just to make contact. We want
to actually feel like we are pushing
pushing further away here to create
width. It doesn't mean that I'm trying
to cast the club. I'm not casting it,
but I'm pushing until I feel like my
hands are more or less near my waist. My
back is staying to the target. And then
from here, I can pull. And that is where
extra whip, extra speed comes from.
without having to do anything. Remember,
I said this had to be simple. It needs
to be simple. So, the concept is going
to take care of a lot of things that
you're freaking out about too often. So,
here's what I want you to do. I want you
to practice even at home, just short
swings, little swings, feeling like
whatever it means to you to push
pull. Okay? It's going to be a push,
pull, a delayed pull. Push pull. I keep
my head centered. I'm staying balanced.
I am pushing,
pulling. It creates so much more
effortless speed even on tiny little
shots like that. And we get a better
contact. I push.
I pull. I push.
I pull. This is how you learn a very
simple golf swing. This is how you have
a swing that works on the course that
you can execute with confidence. Because
no matter what shot you have, you pick
your target, you pick your line, and in
your head, you're ensuring that it is as
simple as push, pull. It makes golf just
that little bit easier and enjoyable.
What we have put together is the most
simple and effective golf improvement
program that you've ever seen. Because
there are two different types of golf
swing in this world. No matter what age
you are, no matter what skill level, you
fit into one of these two different
types of category. You have steeper
swing types and you have shallower swing
types. If you're using drills, tips,
lessons that are not ideal and in fact
perfect for your swing type, you are
going to be going around in circles
getting worse, getting frustrated. And
if that sounds familiar, this is going
to be perfect for you. So, this program
aims to not only teach you what you need
to do, it's also going to create
awareness so you can block out so much
noise of stuff that does not and should
not apply to you. And when you know
these things, you will be way more
consistent than you've ever been before.
You're going to have a more free flowing
consistent swing that you don't have to
think about as much. All you need is
willingness and a golf club and
following our stepbystep system to
progress you to your perfect golf swing.
How do I know what swing type I am? Am I
number one or two? Am I steep or am I
shallow? You can guarantee improvement
right here, right now. In just a few
minutes a day, you will see the best
golf swing and shots you've ever, ever
hit. The phrase game changer is banded
around a lot, especially in the golf
industry. But I assure you, and we're
giving it a money back guarantee, that
this system will guarantee you play your
best golf ever. Not only with the drills
and trainings you can do at home, but
when we start to take it out on the golf
course, you won't have anywhere near as
much to think about. With just a couple
of tweaks to your driving, iron play,
short game, and putting, you will be
playing the best golf of your life. This
program is going to revolutionize the
golf instruction industry, and I'm very
glad you're going to be at the start of
it all. You can learn more below, and I
cannot wait to see you on the other
side. Cheers. Now, if you want to make
sure you get enough power with this
technique, I want you to check out this
lesson. is going to give you that
effortless oomph with your drives. See
you next time.