JD Vance comments on the racist text
threads from Republicans by saying,
"Hey, come on. Those adults are just
kids being kids. This is just another
day.
Remember back in the old days where if
you wanted a record of what someone
said, you had to record their call?"
Well, I don't because I'm not 80, but I
hear it's true. And I also hear that
some other people still wish it was true
today. Thousands of messages shared in a
group chat of young Republicans is reing
revealing rather some racist thoughts
that they even worried about being
leaked. Well, those exchanges
have been leaked obtained by Politico
and are part of a telegram chat among
young Republican leaders in the
following states: New York, Kansas,
Arizona, and Vermont. Legitimately
unbelievable. I mean, Republicans in
Vermont. I guess those are the people
with patriotic hacky sacks and who only
spell fish the way God intended. But
back to the more important part of the
story.
>> Over the course of these seven months,
they exchanged messages with, you know,
extremely anti-semitic and racist
comments. They um referred to black
people as monkeys or the watermelon
people. They called rape epic. They
talked about the love of Hitler with uh
factions of their party or even
supporting slavery. That is truly
horrific. But as disgusting and
offensive as these text messages are,
maybe we should give these young
Republicans some slack. I mean, they're
young. How can we expect them to know
the difference between right and wrong
when they're also what? Going through
puberty, periods, body hair, acne. It's
Oh, man. It's the Matt Gates alarm.
Yeah, it it goes off anytime I use
language that might trigger him getting
an erection. I I I got to watch that.
The point is, shouldn't we cut these
troubled young Republicans some slack?
Now, it's kind of a misnomer young
Republicans because it's called the
young Republicans, but these are, you
know, full-g grown adults 18 to 40 years
old. This was a chat um with members uh
elected to lead their states within a
prominent Republican youth political
organization that numbers 15,000 people.
And they were in a campaign to lead this
organization nationally. Oh, so these
aren't a bunch of eager high school
student council members. They're legal
adults old enough to vote, buy alcohol,
and rent a car. Sorry, Matt. and they
are the next generation of the
Republican party. Well, today, Vice
President JD Vance awoke early from his
hibernation deep inside the protective
warmth of Donald Trump's colon to
address these newly reported text
messages. So, Politico has a story where
somehow they got their hands on
something like 28,000 messages in some
group chat group chat of I think 12
people that nobody's ever heard of, but
they decided to just publish every
single thing in this chat whatever they
found that they thought was the most
salacious. And I think 10 years ago,
there would have been a very different
response to it. But people are starting
to learn from this. And the vice
president is one of the reasons why.
>> Hey, come on, man. Before you give JD
Vance all the credit, you don't want to
sell yourself short. Now, I'll get back
to Vance in just a moment, but many of
you may not know who this guy is, who is
downplaying the importance of all this
racist garbage people typed up, but his
name is Blake Nef. And as luck would
have it, he's got a little experience in
the typing up of racist garbage. The top
writer for Fox News host Tucker Carlson
has resigned from the network after a
CNN investigation uncovered his racist
and sexist comments on an online message
board.
>> His name is Blake Nef.
>> Tucker Carlson's top writer we found had
been posting on a message board under a
pseudo name uh racist comments, sexist
comments.
>> One of the comments that you uncovered
in your investigation on the post from
this past June. Okay. He wrote, "Black
dudes staying inside playing Call of
Duty is probably one of the biggest
factors keeping crime down." Blake Nef
thinks that all this racism is one big
nothing burger. And who better to trust
than a guy who knows it's not a big
deal, which is why he wrote all of his
racist messages under a pseudonym. By
the way, Blake Nef was so racist even
Fox News wouldn't employ him, saying
back in 2020, "Make no mistake, actions
such as his cannot and will not be
tolerated at any time in any part of our
workforce." Well, good news for Nef,
real America's voice doesn't have the
same standards. And by the way, when Nef
says that 10 years ago people would have
had a very different response from this
and that people on the right are
starting to learn from this, he's
correct. The right is learning and the
lesson they're learning is clear. Never
again will they punish, criticize, or
exile anyone for saying anything even
remotely problematic. And for proof of
that, let's continue with this
conversation about how unimportant
racism is with the sitting vice
president of the United States of
America.
>> So what you did is instead of reacting
to the story itself, you just posted
what uh Jay Jones, our friend in
Virginia who's running for AG as the
Democrat, had said where he wanted his
political opponents to die. person who
is very politically powerful, who is
about to become one of the most powerful
law enforcement officers in the country.
That person seriously wishing for
political violence and political
assassination is 1,000 times worse than
what a bunch of young people, a bunch of
kids say in a group chat.
>> Once again, not kids. I'm not sure if
everybody on the text thread dresses
like Adam Sandler and that's why JD is
confused, but these are grownass adults
in positions of power like 27-year-old
Vermont state senator Samuel Douglas,
Trump administration employee Michael
Bartles, and Bobby Walker, who once
worked for New York State Senate
Minority Leader Rob Ort. But let's keep
hearing from JD. And if you allow
yourself to be distracted by this
person's incredible endorsement,
disgusting endorsement of political
assassination by focusing on what kids
are saying in a group chat, grow up. I'm
sorry. Focus on the real issues. Don't
focus what on what kids say in group
chats.
>> Look, the text that JD keeps referencing
in his Whataboutism 101 class are from
Jay Jones, the Democratic candidate for
attorney general in Virginia. And I
think they're abhorent, too. But Jones
is also the same age as some of these
kids on this text thread. I find it
pretty interesting that anytime young
Republicans, who are not young at all,
do anything that deserves criticism or
scorn, all of a sudden they start
Benjamin buttoning and become kids
again.
>> She included the Trump kids, which even
Bill Bar, no fan of Trump these days,
called a gross overstep.
>> And these kids did nothing wrong. They
should not be in this case. Ivanka's
already out of the case. The boys should
not be in the case. was a day where your
family was impacted directly. Your
children who I know all of them really
well and I've known them for a lot of
years. Uh anytime I went to interview
you before you ever thought about really
running for president, you always
introduce me. They're all nice. They're
all great kids.
>> They're just kids, you know? They like
to ride bikes, play Minecraft, trade on
their father's name to launch a crypto
company worth 1.5 billion. You know, kid
stuff. But let's keep hearing from the
man who doesn't see age, which is
probably why he thought he was only
sucking the life out of this spry
teenager. I grew up in a different
world, right? Where not most of what I
the stupid things that I did when I was
a teenager and a young adult, they're
they're not on the internet. Like I'm
going to tell my kids, especially my
boys, don't put things on the internet.
Like, be careful with what you post. If
you put something in a group chat,
assume that some scumbag is going to
leak it in an effort to try to cause you
harm or cause your family harm. But the
reality is that kids do stupid things,
especially young boys. They tell edgy,
offensive jokes. Like that's what kids
do. And I really don't want us to grow
up in a country where a kid telling a
stupid joke, telling a very offensive
stupid joke is caused to ruin their
lives. Or even worse, getting to host an
insanely profitable show where they get
to interview the vice president of the
United States. I mean, my god, all Vance
has to do is denounce these messages and
say that the people who sent them have
no place in his party, and he just can't
do it. You don't have to have an Indian
wife and mixed race kids to be able to
say this is up. But Vance does
happen to have an Indian wife and mixed
race kids. And so, it should be that
much more obvious for him to be able to
do so. Instead, he used his time to wax
poetic about how we all just move on
from this.
>> You know, a cliche at this point. You
have to acknowledge the problem before
you could actually solve it.
>> Exactly. But the challenge lies in
people agreeing on what the problem is.
I think all political violence is a
problem. But I also find it to be a huge
problem that large swats of young
Republicans across the country are
learning from you and the leader of
their party that racism, covert or
overt, are completely acceptable. Sure,
Donald Trump may not say the n-word.
>> There are two nwords, and you can't use
either of them. a point he bemons all
too often. But that doesn't make his
rhetoric or his policies any less
racist. When you single out the cities
of Washington DC, Baltimore, and Chicago
as crimeridden. When you sign executive
orders targeting diversity, equity, and
inclusion programs and rebrand them as
anti-American. When you ban books and
withhold federal funds from any schools
around the country that dare teach kids
about the black experience in America,
or as Trump calls it, ending racial
indoctrination. when you say immigrants
are poisoning the blood of our nation
and when you're the commander-in-chief
and decide to focus your efforts thusly.
>> President Trump targeted the Smithsonian
museums saying they are quote out of
control where everything discussed is
how horrible our country is, how bad
slavery was, and how unaccomplished the
downtrodden have been. When you do all
of that, is it not a mystery as to why
these young Republicans feel emboldened
to not simply text these things, but to
believe them? Look, I could sit here and
wonder why the vice president of the
United States won't simply acknowledge
that members of his own party throwing
around racist language is a bad thing.
Or why we don't show a modicum of
decency and say this type of language
and outlook on society has no place in
our Republican party, nor should it
exist in our society as a whole. I could
sit here and wonder that, but I already
know the answer, which is you don't
contradict your boss if you're hoping
for a promotion down the line. Even kids
know that.
Damn it.
I did it again.
[Music]
Before you go, if you enjoyed this
content and you want to see more and
support independent media, please
subscribe to this channel. The subscribe
button will be right here on the screen.
But second, the reality is that we are
now in a political environment where
this administration can lean on any of
the social media platforms to suppress
certain voices if they don't like
critical coverage. That means my
longevity here is in the hands of a few
tech billionaires who are already making
it clear that they are willing to cater
to this administration. To that end,
signing up for my newsletter is a way
for me to reach you directly if that
ever becomes necessary. I'll put the
link right here on the screen as well.
So, please sign up. It's free, but
there's also an option to do a paid
subscription if you'd like to support me
and my team. I really appreciate it.
Thanks so much for watching.