I'm guessing we're going to hear this
within a few hours because I'm sure
someone is running down there right now.
[Music]
>> Hi, welcome to Fome Talk. I'm Ashley
Flor, journalist, Hollywood truth
teller, and your voice of reason in a
town built on the illusion.
All right, I'm just sitting here just
waiting for this tape to show up
somewhere.
Okay, we have an update on this
recording. I was speculating on how this
recording would be released. As you
know, the judge did rule a couple of
days ago that the recording of Steve
Sarowitis, Justin Baldonis,
um co-founder at the Wayfair parties
that that recording due to public
pressure should be released to the
public. And today was the deadline that
Baldon's team and Lively's team had to
come together and respond to this and
give us a way that we could hear this
recording. So I was speculating if they
would give it to uh TMZ or to people or
whatever. But now we know how we can get
hold of this recording. So if anyone's
in New York, you can go to the
courthouse and ask for a CD. I mean, are
we living in 2025 or in 1990 here? I'm
guessing this is Blake's team's idea
that they will give it to the clerk
there, this CD, and then the public can
come and ask for it. They will, it says
here that the parties have conferred and
agreed to pro provide the clerk's office
with copies of the physical audio
recording in a CD format. So, if anyone
still has a CD player, I don't have
that. I mean, why not just put it
somewhere that people can download it
online? I mean, this is so ridiculous,
but anyways. uh and then it will be
distributed to or copied for the public
upon the clerk's office receiving such
request. Council for the parties confirm
that the clerk's office is eminable to
the foregoing approach which the parties
agree provides public access to the
audio file in the of the file being
filed on the public docket basically.
Yes. So, if you're in New York and you
want to get hold of this recording, I
would appreciate if you share it with me
and with everyone else as well. We need
to hear this. It's on a CD. It doesn't
say exactly when it's going to be
available, but I'm sure it should be
available now. So, I'm guessing we're
going to hear this within a few hours
because I'm sure someone is running down
there right now. So, stay tuned for more
updates on this. Anyway, so today I
think it's time to put the final nail in
the coffin of Blake and Taylor's
friendship. Finally, I think Taylor had
enough of all the speculations now. So,
it's confirmed they're not friends. I'll
talk more about that in this episode.
And also, I'll talk a little bit about
how TMZ is helping Kevin Federine to
destroy Britney Spears. They keep
quoting his book every five minutes in a
new article. It's despicable. Also,
there's this really heartbreaking
interview with Michael J. Fox who was my
biggest crush growing up. I love Back to
the Future and I did watch his
documentary and now he's done an
interview and I think it's just such a
great reminder to appreciate life and to
appreciate when we're healthy. Okay, so
a lot of people have tried to convince
us lately that Blake and Taylor are
still friends because Taylor is known
for her Easter eggs. It was the perfect
opportunity for people to start creating
conspiracy theories about every little
detail from her videos or for her from
her songs that could connect her to
Blake and that could be some kind of
evidence that they were still friends. I
believe that a lot of those conspiracy
theories also comes from Blake's team
because it's really in Blake's interest
here to pretend that they're still
friends. This scandal with Taylor Swift
is worse for Blake reputation than this
entire Justin Baldoni lawsuit. That's
what I think. If you think about the
general public and what they read, the
headlines that are out there, this is so
much more damaging for Blake because
this shows she's a bad friend and that's
bad character and Taylor Swift has a lot
of fans. Anyway, so Octo on October 9th,
Dumo had a podcast where they had a
source who revealed that the stars may
have met each other recently. The source
stated that the meeting was allegedly
not tense at all and was all about
friends catching up with each other.
Seriously, this must have been fed to
them straight from Leslie Sloan if you
ask me. And of course, there is no truth
to it. Also, keep in mind that Dumo is
also repped by WME, the same management
company that represent Blake and Ryan.
If you don't know them, it's kind of a
gossip site. They have a big Instagram
account and then they apparently have a
podcast. I haven't listened to it, but
let's finish this Taylor Swift business
once and for all. And I think this is
why Taylor now has come out and said,
you know, enough is enough. And now a
lot of different outlets have reported
on this. And page six is saying here
that Taylor Swift has no contact with
former bestie Blake Lively since Justin
Baldon lost the drama. They have zero
contact. While Instagram's scuttlebutt,
I never heard that word before, but I
really like it. While Instagram
scuttlebutt account dum reported this
week that the former friends whose
relationship was marred amid fallout
with Lively's legal drama had a lowkey
reunion, but page six here's otherwise.
It says here that they had no contact. A
source tells us saying that the once
tight pair haven't spoken since last
winter when the drama surrounding the
case began unfolding. I feel that this
might be tree pain coming out there
because this is not in Taylor's favor
that she's been connected to Blake
again. As you know, Taylor has received
a lot of backlash from people who think
that she might be friends with Blake and
people who think and speculated that the
song cancelled was a tribute to Blake.
And now I think she's just coming out
there to say enough is enough. Let's
just like squash this rumor once and for
all. They also have another source here
who also confirmed that they haven't
spoken or had any contact. As you know,
Taylor's reps have come out before and
talked about this and said that they
Taylor wished that Blake would never
have dragged her into this. And we have
to remember it all started with Blake
dragging her friend into this. It was
not Justin who dragged her into it into
this. She was the one referring to her
friend as my dragon. And that word is
apparently also something that Taylor
really did not like. And it's also been
said many times through her reps that
she feels used. I don't know anyone who
would appreciate to be called someone's
dragon. And they remind us here of
another source who said this in August
that for that Swift will be forever
furious at how Blake quite clearly was
using her for clout and leverage in her
dealings with Justin. She really hates
that Blake would even think like that,
let alone write the things she did in
that text. So yes, of course, when you
are one of the most famous pop stars in
the world, you have to protect yourself
and you have to choose your friends
really, really wisely. And Blake was not
a wise choice. And it reminds me of that
meeting that when it all started that
happened uh back in January of 2024. Now
I'm thinking about it, I think that
Blake knew that Taylor was going to show
up before this meeting was over. So, the
meeting was between her and Justin and
they were going to discuss this rooftop
scene and then voila, Ryan Reynolds was
just there and then before they finished
the meeting, Taylor Swift just showed
up. I think Taylor was really caught off
guard in that situation and she just got
dragged into this conversation about
this scene which Justin had said later
on that he felt really bombarded and he
was really caught off guard by being
attacked by Blake and Ryan convincing
him that their their writing was better
than the ones that was in the script.
And of course, he was pressured into
actually choosing Ryan's because now we
know it was Ryan who wrote that scene to
pick his version over the one they
already agreed on that was in the
script. So, yes, I think definitely that
Taylor was caught off guard. And they
also say here, you know, that she had
nothing to do with the casting of young
Lily. Isabella Ferrer was on the red
carpet being interviewed saying that oh
she was so flattered that Taylor had
something to do with her casting and
that they actually picked her for Young
Lily.
>> I think I hear that Taylor may have had
some influence in getting
>> Yes, she did. Yeah, I know. I don't even
know if I meant to be saying it, but I'm
saying it. Um, yeah, she was a helpful
part of the process of the audition,
which I found out later after I got it,
and that rocked my world.
>> Taylor said that she had nothing to do
with that. So that just shows how Blake
has been leveraging and using her name
to promote it ends with us. And bottom
line, of course, Taylor would never
forgive that. If you think about the
relationship she had in the past and how
she has made songs about it and how she
never really made up with anyone that
she had a big feud with, why on earth
would she do would she do that with
Blake? I think this is one of her
biggest ever disappointments. If this
happened to me, if a girlfriend of mine
did something like Blake did to Taylor
here, to me, I would never speak to that
person again. Rumors are also heating up
about Blake and Ryan's relationship and
how their marriage is on the rocks. But
before I get into that, I wanted to
thank the sponsor of this video, On
Skin. Okay, so I've been using On Skin
for over 6 months now. You might have
seen these ads before from me, and
that's because I really like and trust
this brand. One of the reasons is
because I actually started seeing it
working straight away. And as a
journalist, I always do my research into
brands, especially when it comes to what
I put on my skin. With One Skin, my skin
feels smoother and firmer, and I feel
like I see a little bit of a glow. I
also didn't expect anything that I put
on my skin to work this well. I'm also
super excited to try this scalp serum
that they just sent me for my hair. I'll
keep you posted on that as well. And the
best part about this is that it's no
fancy routine required. You just
cleanse, pat your skin dry, and apply
twice daily. This is for your face, and
this is for your eyes. I've been using
it on my face, my neck, and my eyes. And
I feel like my skin just looks healthier
and tighter. And they're all about real
science. It's literally designed to
target the root of skin aging. No harsh
ingredients is very important. is
dermatologist tested and even approved
by the National Eczema Association. On
Skin is changing how we age by focusing
on skin and scalp health at the cellular
level. Powered by their patented OS1
peptide, every formula is designed to
keep skin healthier, stronger, and more
resilient over time. For a limited time,
you can now try One Skin with 15% off
using my code floor, F L AAA, my last
name. at onskin.co.
That's 15% off oneskin.co with code
floor. After you purchase, they'll ask
where you heard about them. So, please
say that I sent you to support my
channel. Okay, so let's get back into
Blake and Ryan's relationship. It's been
so long since we actually saw the two of
them together. Ryan has kept himself so
busy with this touring of the John Candy
movie while Blake has been home posting
photos of baking goods and herself
collaring and herself in a pajamas.
And yesterday she posted some photos of
flowers and another cake while Ryan is
out there on talk shows telling jokes.
and she hasn't been with him on one
single event to help him promote this
movie. In when he was at the premiere
here in LA, her sister was there instead
of herself either. Ryan is asking her
not to show up because he doesn't want
her reputation to taint the movie. And
if that's the case, that's not really
great for a relationship. If Magnus
would have told me, "Don't come to this
event tonight because people don't like
you." I would feel like that was not
great for our relationship if he would
tell me something like that. And I think
Blake would really like to be there. She
loves the attention. We know that. And
she's been very active promoting her
hair care hair care line lately. Uh
she's been showing up at events and
stuff. So, I don't think the reason is
that she doesn't want to be seen out in
public. So, I wouldn't be surprised if
we hear something about them living
separate lives pretty soon. Also, I just
saw in the Hollywood Reporter that Ryan
is expected to talk to have a speech at
this um event that his company group
effort is doing in collaboration with
WME.
So, if you're ever wondering where WME
stands when it comes to loyalty here,
it's pretty obvious WME represents both
him and Blake. And as you know, they
used to represent Justin Baldoni, but
not anymore. Blake's agent was just
deposed last week. And a source that I
have told me that he was not surprised
that Blake Lively's agents gave the
testimony that he did. He said something
interesting. He said, you know, if
you're not telling the truth in a
deposition, you can always defend
yourself with saying, I thought it was
the truth. So, if a person says
something that Blake Lively told them,
if Blake Lively told this person, her
agent, that, "Oh, I don't feel
comfortable about Justin," he would say
that Blake wasn't comfortable and there
were things going on there. And you can
never be charged with perjury if you
believe something to be true. Even
though we know some people are lying
here, they could always say that I
believed it to be true. And he also told
me that, you know, just follow the
money. It's all about the money. Why
would they be on Baldon's side here when
they make tons of tons of money of Blake
and Ryan? Anyways, let's talk a little
bit more about Kevin Featherline and his
new book. I was really shocked today
when I started reading the stories that
TMC published for the last like three or
four days. I think they have about 20
articles up and they're all from
anecdotes from his book where he's
telling horrible things about Britney as
a mother, as a wife, as a family member.
And I feel very defensive of Britney
because as we all know at this point,
she is not well and she really needs
help. and what they're doing to her now,
what the press is doing to her. Helping
Kevin Federine promote this book that is
just going to crush her even more, I
think it's so despicable and I think is
really dangerous. And I think if
something happens to her now, I think
all of these people are responsible for
that. And as I said yesterday, the
reason for him publishing this book now
is so obvious to me. He's saying that
because he's got the blessing of the
sons. Why would her sons want this
information to be out there about their
mother? I don't buy it. And I feel like
so suspicious, as I said, this happened
just after child support ended. And
there's an article here in on page six
actually saying how much Kevin received
from Britney every month, which wasn't
that much. I was surprised that he
didn't actually get more. He got $20,000
per month in child support. And that's
not a lot when you live in LA and you
have to cover your kids schools and you
feel like you need maybe some security
or people to protect them. So I
understand that's not a lot. But he also
got another $20,000 for half of the
duration of their 26-month marriage. So
he's saying here that he's not
financially set. Um and the money didn't
stretch as far as you think. He said
that he needed rent, transportation,
security, child care, and blah blah
blah. And now Britney has come out
again. She keeps posting on X how
devastated she is and how hurtful this
is to her. And by reading her messages
there, I just feel like you can see from
the way she's writing as well that she's
not in a good place. And I just hope
this won't be the brink for her. And I
feel like the way that Kevin is saying
that he's worried about her. It's just
so hypocritical. I really hope no one
buys this book. Anyways, let's talk a
little bit about Michael J. Fox. I saw
this article the other day in the Times
UK and as I said in the beginning of
this episode, I was such a fan of
Michael J. Fox. I watched Back to the
Future five times in a movie theater in
Norway. We didn't have many movies
coming out at that time, but I remember
I watched it five times. I bought a
ticket five times. That never happened
before. I had the biggest biggest crush
on him and I was devastated when I found
out that he was so much shorter than me
when I went to Madame Tusaw in England
with my mother. Anyways, so I watched
his documentary I think it was two years
ago maybe. It was it really opened my
eyes to this disease and what he
actually has been able to conquer um and
how far he has actually come. In this
interview he reveals even more. He was
diagnosed when he was 29 and now he's 64
and he says there's no timeline. There's
no series of stages that you go through.
Not in the same way that you would say
with prostate cancer. It's much more
mysterious and igmatic. There are not
many people who have had Parkinson for
35 years. I'd like to just not wake up
one day. That would be really cool. I
don't want to be dramatic. I don't want
to trip over furniture and smash my
head. And then he talks about all the
things that he broke in his body by
falling over and other things that comes
with the disease. He said, "In a
three-year period, I broke my elbow. I
broke my hand. I got a big infection in
my hand and I almost lost my finger. At
one point he lost the ability to play
the guitar. And he says it's terrible. I
had all these little bones broken and it
got infected and they had to cut the
bones out because the bones got
infected. I broke my other shoulder that
I had replaced. I broke my cheekbone. I
had a plate there. I missing Am I
missing something? When I read things
like this, I feel it's just such a
reminder for everyone that when we are
healthy that we really have to
appreciate every day. And I have to say
I'm so impressed with Michael J. Fox.
He's actually has a role coming up. Even
he's going to be in one episode of Apple
TV Plus Shrinking that's coming out next
year. And he lost so much of his
mobility and he says, "I take it easy
now. I don't walk that much anymore. I
can walk, but it's not pretty and it's a
bit dangerous. So, I just roll that into
my life, you know, no pun intended. I
think his sense of humor is one of the
things that I noticed in the documentary
that he has such a warm and amazing
sense of humor and also his wife who's
been there for him this entire time. I
just feel like they're such great role
models. I just wanted to share that
story with you guys because I think it's
so powerful. Also, Oscar just wanted to
say hi. All right, Oscar. He just woke
up from a nap. He wanted to say that he
was so excited when he heard that Dian
Katon was giving $5 million to her dog
in her will, right? Oscar, what would
you spend $5 million on?
I think chicken.
I love that she loved her dog so much.
There's so many pictures of her and
Reggie and um yeah, I feel like people
that are dog lovers, they have a special
place in my heart. And um yes, so here's
Oscar. Some people were saying we need
to see more of Oscar. Anyways, that's it
for me, you guys. I wish everyone a
happy weekend. And if you haven't
subscribed yet, please do. Hit the
notification bell so you don't miss an
episode of Law and Talk. And I'll see
you soon.
Bye. Awesome talk.
[Music]