Speaking of not getting enough sleep,
let's hop to creatine because I God, I
don't know where I read this, but that
higher doses of creatine, maybe like 25
grams, 20 25 grams, could combat sleep
loss or some of the effects of sleep
loss. What should we know about
creatine? Right? Creatine's been around
for a long time. There are dozens of
questionable sports performance,
athletic performance products come out
every year. Most of them are all
marketing, no substance. Creatine has
been used by athletes for a very long
time, but for at least the last 5 years,
I have been taking it typically five
grams a day more for the cognitive or
potential cognitive benefits. Right. But
what what else should we know about
creatine? Because you what you put in
your newsletter not too long ago was
forwarded to me and then you told me via
text and I was like, "Okay, we should
probably talk about this."
>> Yes.
>> So, h how should we think about creatine
and best practices for different
applications? Well, it's funny as you
mentioned, it's one of those supplements
that have been it was like in the Jim
Bro world forever and still people
associate it with that, but yet it's
been one of the supplements that's
actually stuck, right? It's worked and
there's been countless studies showing
its effectiveness, particularly with
respect to increasing exercise volume.
So, in other words, what creatine is is
it's essentially it's stored in our
muscles as something called
phosphocreatine. When you take a
creatine exogenously, it's stored in our
muscles as phosphocreatine and then used
for energy. So, it's a way to make
energy quicker. And so, the more of it
you have stored, the the quicker you can
sort of make that energy. And so, what
it's been shown to do is really help
with increasing exercise volume. In
other words, you can do one to two more
reps per set or sets. You know, you can
do an extra set or whatever whatever it
is you're doing, right? And that leads
to obviously if you're increasing your
workload, you're going to have increased
muscle mass and muscle strength because
you're increasing your workload. It
doesn't work like protein in the sense
that you can increase muscle mass
because it's anabolic. You need to put
the work in. So creatine by itself isn't
going to make your muscles grow, but it
is going to make you work harder. It's
going to be easier for you to work
harder. And so you end up increasing
your exercise volume, which then has
adaptations on your muscle, right? And
that's why a lot of people like it
because for one, they want their muscles
to grow bigger and stronger and two,
some people like to use it during
competitions or something because they
want to be able to increase that
exercise volume as well. It's also
really good for that explosive power
type of exercise again because you're
getting that quick mobilization of
producing energy.
>> And I'm just glossing over decades of
research and a lot of specifics here
because I want to get to the brain. But
it turns out creatine is something that
our liver makes a little bit I think
like one maybe one to two grams a day.
It's also something that's found in
dietary sources particularly animal
products. So it's high in like meat,
poultry, fish, dairy, not so much in
vegetables. So vegans and vegetarians
actually end up they can have lower
creatine if they're not supplementing
with it because they're not eating
animal products, right? Well, it turns
out that it seems as though if you're if
you're supplementing and eating a high
meat diet, you're getting a good amount
of creatine, five grams seems to be
about the point at which your muscles
get saturated at least over the course
of like a month or so.
>> So, if you've been using creatine for a
month or two, your muscle stores are
saturated and 5 grams a day is kind of
what's consumed by the muscle on a daily
basis to kind of maintain that. So, I
would argue that you might want to go
above that to get the brain benefits.
And here's why. Because your muscle is a
very, very greedy when it comes to
creatine. So, that five grams that
you're taking, I used to take five grams
a day until about last April or March or
something like that. So, the five grams
a day is what's been shown in countless
studies. That's probably why you take
it. I took it because it was countless
studies showing five grams a day was
like the the dose. That was the dose
that you needed to get the muscle
benefits. All these brain benefits now
coming out seem to be at higher doses.
And you mentioned one that was 25 grams.
I mean 20 to 25 grams, which is kind of
a crazy study where they did about 21
hours of sleep deprivation essentially.
They were barely sleeping at all. And
giving them the 25 g of creatine, 20 to
25 grams depending on their weight,
seemed to not only negate the negative
effects of sleep deprivation on their
cognition, but it also improved their
cognition beyond what their baseline
normal cognition is when they were
sleeping.
>> Yeah.
>> And that's what was really intriguing to
me as well as some of the other studies
where older adults are given, you know,
20 grams of creatine and it improve
their cognition. We now have the first
pilot study in Alzheimer's disease where
again 20 grams were given to a very
small number of people with Alzheimer's
disease. It also improved cognition.
It turns out that when you start to go
above the five grams and you get into
more the 10 grams range, then some of
that creatine is getting into the brain
versus being all consumed by the muscle.
Right?
>> I personally use creatine now. I do 10
grams a day every day. And what I have
noticed, and this could be totally
placebo, but I'll tell you when I don't
do my 10 grams a day, what I have
noticed is that the the afternoon
sleepiness kind of slump I get is
completely gone if I take my 10 grams a
day.
>> 10 grams, I don't get afternoon
sleepiness. I miss it, I get it. So,
it's not like a stored up kind of thing.
It's like, no, if I miss it that day,
it's noticeable. If I travel and I don't
have it, it's noticeable.
>> I'm hooked on the 10 grams a day. If
it's placebo, I don't care. It works.
Right? On top of that, what I've also
been doing, ever since, you know, that
study came out with the 21 hours of
sleep deprivation, I take about 20 grams
of creatine when I'm traveling and I
have to give a talk or I'm doing a
podcast, particularly because oftent
times I'm traveling either to central
time or to Eastern's time and I'm, you
know, giving a talk early in the
morning, which is like 6:00 a.m. my
time. I got to be like on my game. So, I
take the 20 grams and I kid you not,
it's like you get this brain boost but
without like the caffeine. It's It's
hard to explain
>> without the creepy crawly ants on your
skin,
>> right? Without that like
>> jittery caffeine overdose,
>> jittery thing. And even that sometimes
the caffeine isn't enough. Yeah.
>> If you're really jetlagged, you know,
it's just especially if you're going
across time zones.
>> Well, also for me it's like I'm a
caffeine fast metabolizer. If I have a
cup of coffee, I'm on fire for 25
minutes and then I'm sleepy. I think
some of that is actually a glucose
response, but that's a whole separate
thing. Using glucometer when I was doing
all my ketogenic experiments and so on,
I'm like, "Wow, if I have too much
coffee, there is a huge, which is not
that surprising, spike in glucose and
then a very predictable subsequent drop
off." So it doesn't end up being net net
that helpful for me unless I'm doing a
20 minute sprint on something which is
probably never. So the creatine super
interesting to me. We asked some very
specific
maybe mundane questions but I think
they're practical which is
when these subjects were taking 20 or 25
g was that in one sitting was that in
multiple divided doses
when you take it is it in powder form is
it little sachets that you can take with
you on travel days is it encapsulated
what does it actually look
With respect to all the studies, I don't
remember if they were in one sitting. A
lot of studies are if they do like a 20
gram, it will be in one sitting.
>> Yeah.
>> What I do is different. I do five gram
doses. So creatine monohydrate is the
form I take. It's the absolute tried and
true.
>> The gold standard.
>> It's the gold standard.
>> It's been around forever.
>> Yeah. There's a lot of other marketing
out there that talks about other types
of creatine, but that's really the gold
standard. And I had Dr. Darren Kando on
my podcast. He's a creatine researcher
at the University of Regina in Canada
and like you know we talked all about
this and he really convinced me creatine
monohydrate is the way to go. I asked
him about like every type of creatine
under the sun.
>> But the way I take it is in five gram
doses and so I do five grams first thing
in the morning and then I'll do my
workout and then I do another five grams
about 11:00 a.m. and that's my 10 grams
that I get.
>> Got it. When I'm traveling, I do have
these sachets that again Thornne makes
by the way. No affiliation. I mean,
there's like probably a million other
>> I like Thorn because their their
creatine is NSF certified and so it's
>> free of contaminants. I I really like
that. So again, find your own favorite
brand, but I like this brand and I like
they have sachets which are 5 g sachets
and so I will have my 10 g for the day
or again if I'm traveling for
workrelated purposes I will take I will
take 15 to 20 gram depending on how much
I need. In that case I will do two 10 g
doses. Like for me I can tolerate that.
I don't have any GI problems with it.
>> Yeah, I was going to bring that up.
>> Yeah, some people do. I think doing the
five gram doses is like pretty easy on
the gut. Most people don't have a big
problem with the five grams. It's when
they go above that.
>> Yeah, five is fine,
>> right?
>> I'll say a few things. So, the the NSF
certified is a pretty simple cheat code
just to use as a filtering mechanism for
a lot of supplements. And it is shocking
how inconsistent
supplement contents are. I mean, I've
looked at lab reviews of like 20
off-the-shelf melatonin products, and it
ranges from zero melatonin up to like
20x the label amount. It's just bananas.
I use Momentous Creatine, but it's
passing the same hurdle, right? And I
will say like good news,
you can reduce the likelihood of
cognitive deficit from sleep
deprivation. Bad news is you could
increase the likelihood of disaster
pants if you have 20 grams at one
sitting. And I will say maybe from
personal experience, maybe I'm just
talking about somebody else, but if you
really want to increase the likelihood
of disaster pants, then you can do like
a bunch of caffeine like you double
espresso or black coffee with MCT powder
and then have your creatine around the
same time.
you're going to want to pack some
Pampers in your travel kit if you do
that. So, yeah, just be aware of the GI
stuff,
but I'm excited to up my intake because
the science that you cited in the study
or studies in your newsletter seemed
really compelling. And it's also one of
those supplements where it's like, okay,
look, we I assume this is on the grass
list, like the generally recognized as
safe. seems very well tolerated over
decades and decades of research
assuming you don't have some who knows
right like really outstanding kidney
dysfunction or something maybe.
So why not in a sense? It's also
relatively inexpensive, right, compared
to a lot of things.