Hi guys. In this episode, we're going to
go through house price predictions out
for the next four years out to 2029
2030. We're going to go through which
city has the most chronic underly. I'm
going to share with you this brand new
data. We're going to go through mortgage
aras and what they're likely to do.
We're going to go through the incredibly
high amount of household debt per GDP
that Australia has compared to other
parts of the world. How on earth can
house prices keep rising? Surely people
can't afford them anymore. But we're
going to go through the data
systematically so you can make sound
property buying and selling decisions. I
promise you, you'll learn a lot, as did
I when I was researching these charts
and graphs. My name is PK and I help
people build passive income through the
Property Investment Accelerator using
data without needing a $15,000 buyers
agent every single time. This channel,
we we expose the reality on the
Australian economy. We talk property and
financial happiness. Hit the subscribe
button if you get value, but do give it
a like. That will really help expand the
reach of this episode to more and more
people. I'm going to start off by
sharing a mind-blowing fact. The fact is
that 7 years ago, Australia had 80,000
properties listed for rent and 319,000
properties listed for sale. Now, the
population is 3 million more. Three
million people more. And the number of
properties available listed for rent is
dropped to 37,000 down from 80,000.
That's a 54% drop. And those that are
listed for sale are 239,000.
That's down 25% down from 319,000.
Suffice to say, we have a massive supply
issue. There's just not enough
properties for everyone to buy and rent.
And that's one of the reasons why
lateral economics are now predicting
alongside Elbow's first home guarantee
scheme, the 5% deposit scheme, which
I've done other episodes on, this will
push prices up nationally between 5.3
and 9.9% in the next 12 months. Now,
that's a conservative figure if you ask
me. And there are some places in
Australia, for example, southwest
Sydney, where only 519 homes are right
now under construction compared to what
they need, which is 7,335.
I'm not even going to try to calculate
that percentage cuz it's an abysmal
number. That's why I think so many parts
of Australia are going to boom,
including the location that I just
mentioned. In fact, 77 suburbs according
to ABS nationwide that were under
$500,000
have doubled to a million plus in the
last decade. According to Prop Track
data, this number of suburbs that will
double under 500K in the next 10 years,
I think is going to actually be more
than double or triple. You could see 140
or even 210 suburbs in my humble opinion
looking at all the data factors painting
a multi-dimensional picture of what's
going on. The number of suburbs that
will double under 500K to beyond a
million in the next 5 to 10 years in my
estimation will be well beyond 140 if
not even 210. Those are the ones you
want to be investing in. And the rest of
the episode let's go through the data so
you can build a thesis for yourself.
Let's start with this predicted housing
supply out to 2029. This is from urban
task force, ABS, and the federal
government themselves. So they've split
up state by state the target number of
homes they want built. This is the
government and the actual number that is
predicted once again from the
government, ABS and the urban task
force. You can see that in New South
Wales only 65% of the required housing
supply is likely to be built in the next
4 to 5 years. In Victoria, it's likely
actually to be 98%. So, good job
Victoria in terms of their housing
supply. Queensland 79, WA 81%, SA 71%,
Tasmania 51%, ACT 78%, Northern
Territory 31%, and overall in AC across
Australia, only 78% of houses are likely
to be actually built of the total
number, which is 1.2 million. So the
areas which are likely to boom the most
are going to be Northern Territory for
sure. That are going to be Tasmania at
just 51%. And then you're likely to see
South Australia continue to do well,
Queensland continue to do well. You
might see a number like 98% for Victoria
and think, hey, that's not going to
boom. And I agree. I don't think
Victoria at large is going to double in
the next 4 to 5 years. But there will be
pockets and there already are that are
growing it by 10 to 20% just in the last
year or the last 18 months. So very much
comes down to markets within markets for
Victoria. Now I think an incredibly
interesting graph here is the average
annual house price change between 2010
to 2025. Now why this is important is
traditionally those locations that have
performed really well in the last 10 to
20 years tend to underperform in the
next 10 to 20 years. So those that have
done incredibly well Adelaide it's gone
up on average almost 8% peranom.
Sydney's gone up almost 8% peranom
whereas in the previous decade before
that it didn't. Brisbane, of course,
more than 6%, Hobart 6%, Melbourne's
right down, CRA's right down, Perth is
right down, and Darwin is actually not
grown on a net basis. You triangulate
this data with the under supply data
that I just shared, you find that Perth
and Darwin had low supply percentages
and they haven't grown in the context of
the last 15 years. So, they've got a lot
of potential. CRA and Melbourne, too.
Melbourne doesn't have a huge supply
issue like we just learned. But
nonetheless, statistical averages are on
its side and Hobart had a huge under
supply as well in the previous chart and
here yes it has performed as well but
not as much as Adelaide and Sydney. So
make of this what you like but those
cities on the right hand side if you
look back in 2040 or 2035 these are the
locations you'll probably thank yourself
for investing in. And of course, CRA has
huge land tax, so you might want to
discount it because of that. I'm not
saying don't invest in Sydney. Like I
just mentioned, Southwest Sydney,
amazing pocket to invest in right now.
There's markets within markets, but this
is at a macro city level. And because of
these reasons, house price expectations
are now even higher than what they were
in the COVID boom. The right hand side
axis is an index and this orange line
shows household expectations for house
price growth. And this is from totality
macrobond Melbourne Institute as well.
That's the data source. You can see
people expect house prices to rise more
or more people expect them to rise than
they even did in the 2021 massive boom.
This tells us that there's basically
zero chance of national house prices
falling anytime soon. And that this
black line, which is actual house price
growth, is likely to catch up to the
expectations, which is that they will
start growing by between 1 to 2% every
single month. Remember, 1 to 2% is 12%
annual house price growth. That's a huge
number. And you might say, "Hey, PK, how
can people possibly afford this? like,
you know, where's all this money coming
from? Well, well, the reality is that
the financial pressure that Australian
households face are actually easing with
the Reserve Bank saying that the number
of mortgage holders at risk of falling
behind on repayments is now less than
1%. This figure has not been this low
since 2022 at the start of when interest
rates started rising. So those mortgage
holders that have a buffer in their
mortgage repayments like they're going
to run out of money but have a buffer of
just less than 6 months in the orange
that's falling that means that mortgage
aras are getting better and better and
better. You can see this according to
Australian household debt percentage to
disposable income. This is from APPA and
ABS. Everyone thinks oh people are
mortgaged to the hill but check this
out. We're actually at very similar
household debt to income levels as we
were back in 2018. Yes, that did go up a
lot from 2012 to 18, but since that
time, despite the huge rate rise cycle,
we're pretty much flat. So this huge
price boom that housing has experienced
over the preceding five or 6 years has
not come at the expense of burgeoning
losses or financial pressure or rising
debt per income in Australian
households. In fact, what you can see is
that Australian mortgage offset account
balances have been steadily rising,
seasonally adjusted. Every single year,
households add to their offset accounts.
Offset account is where you have an
account which if you have a mortgage of
500k and let's say hypothetically you
have $500,000 in that offset account,
that mortgage is incurring zero
interest. If you have an offset account,
that is considered by the bank to be a
bit like savings and that is actually
going up at a rapid clip. It's not going
up any slower than it what it used to
even before co. So, this tells us
household balance sheets are pretty
solid. People have a lot of savings.
People have huge buffers. What do you
think? Do you think house prices will
rise more than 10% in the next 12 months
or less than 10%. If you think more than
10%, write in the comments, more than
10. If you think less than 10%, right,
less than 10. But one thing's for sure,
prices are going to rise dramatically.
and that this momentum is unlikely to
stop in the next 4 to 5 years out to
2029, 2030. I think there will likely be
almost 100 suburbs where the prices have
gone up more than 50, if not even 100%.
So, this is an amazing time to be buying
property. All data points towards house
price growth. I know this is an
unpopular opinion and those of you who
don't own any real estate in Australia,
you're praying and wishing and hoping
for a crash. it's just not going to
come. You don't have to listen to me.
These are objective stats and I've
shared thousands of charts in the recent
years on my YouTube channel and
basically 95 to 99% of the time what
I've been saying has been correct. For
the sake of all of you who don't own
property and think the market will
crash, I hope I'm wrong. But let's be
realistic. For those of you who do want
to own property and are considering
should I buy or not, the time to buy was
yesterday. The second best time to buy
is right now. Make sure you know where
to buy, how to buy. Do it with precision
because not all areas are going to grow
equally. And I want you to escape the
middle class and be on the right side of
the halves versus have nots equation
because also in the next 4 to 5 years,
the middle class is going to become
completely obliterated. I'll do another
episode on that. My name is PK. Hit the
subscribe button to level up. I'll leave
links below to my podcast OS Property
Mastery with PK on Spotify and other
platforms as well as my Facebook group
with almost 70,000 people, Australian
Property Mastery with PK. Hit the
subscribe button. Very thankful for you
being part of my community. Thanks guys.