I know you've done them chin tucks. You wouldn't 
have clicked on this video if they worked. They
will not work to correct forward head posture 
if done by themselves. In this video, I'm going
to show you how to correct forward head posture 
once and for all in less than four minutes a day.
I'm certain you clicked on this video because 
A, you've either seen a picture of yourself
from the side, or B, someone's told you have 
forehead posture. How do you know if you have
forehead posture? If you don't know, take a 
selfie from the side like this. Basically,
what you want to see is your ear lining up with 
the middle part of your shoulder. If it does,
great, you don't have forehead posture. However, 
if it doesn't line up, then this video is going to
be perfect for you. Let's get to it. I suggest you 
do this with me so you can feel what I'm feeling
to make sure you're doing these movements 
properly. The very first thing we're going
to do is warm up our neck with some simple neck 
mobility movements for each of these movements.
We're going to work out them for 30 seconds. 
The first thing we're going to do is we're
going to start with rotation. Pull your shoulders 
back, sit up nice and tall, and just move through
rotation. You do this for about 10 seconds and 
then we're going to move into flex extension,
protraction retraction. Again, about 10 seconds, 
and then finally lateral flexion on both sides.
Visualize, instead of twisting your whole torso, 
visualize your ear pulling up to the ceiling.
That should have taken you about 30 to 40 seconds. 
We want to do that twice before moving on to the
next exercise. So now that the tissues are 
warm on our neck, let's move on to the first
strengthening exercise. This is much more than a 
normal chin tuck. To start, we're going to grasp
our hands and lock them in place. Basically, we're 
going to take our shoulders, we're going to pull
our shoulder blades back together, almost this 
movement of external rotation of the shoulders.
Then we're going to slightly extend our head, 
and then we're to chin tuck. So, there's three
movements and we're going to hold this for 
10 seconds and relax. Lemme show you from the
side. Clasp our hands, pull our shoulder blades 
back together, extend our head and pull back.
Hold for 10. If you're doing this properly, you're 
going to feel it in between your shoulder blades.
For some of you with really tight pecs and 
anterior shoulder muscles, you're going to
really feel that open up the chest wherever you 
feel it's the right place for you to feel it,
because those muscles need to be strengthened. And 
if it's tight in the front stretch to the front,
you're going to hold this exercise for 10 to 
15 seconds for three sets. That should take
approximately one minute to complete for this next 
exercise. Typically, when we're in our office,
we would use head weights that will help 
support the posterior chain muscles, but for
the modification that you can use at home a towel, 
this is simply going to go on the back part, the
back upper part of your head, you're going to grab 
the towel, let your arms pull down with gravity,
so you're just letting it sit there.
If you don't engage your muscles,
it's going to pull you forward. You want to 
extend your thoracic spine up really holding back,
and you really want to be pushing your arms 
forward this way. So let me show you this again,
upper back of head, let gravity do its thing, 
pull back, and then triceps extension out. You're
really going to feel the back of your neck and 
even in your thoracic spine. Hold this for 10 to
15 seconds before resting, and you'll repeat this 
three times. When you take this off, you are going
to feel like you're standing up taller because of 
those muscles engaged. It's a great exercise and
one that's going to really help with that forehead 
posture. I've demonstrated this exercise seated,
but you could also do the standing and it's still 
very effective. And finally, where most people
miss the boat on correcting forehead posture 
is looking at the hyper kyphosis or the flex
forward position of the upper thoracic spine.
I have a yoga block here. You can use a rolled
towel, a foam roller, anything that's going to 
create a pivot point here. For the last movement,
we are going to cause some traction and stretch in 
that mid thoracic spine. Most people like this one
because it's passive. Simply lie down. Find that 
that point, find that pivot point. Really open up
your chest, fall back over the block and just let 
everything open up and relax. You can leave your
knees bent if you want a little more traction 
through your mid back. You can straighten your
legs. This should be held for a minimum of 
30 seconds but can be held up to 15 minutes.
Obviously, if you do that, that's going to 
put this routine a little bit longer than
four minutes, but just relax into it. I want 
you to repeat this routine twice back-to-back,
and you can do it two times per day. The key 
to posture correction is consistency. If you
like videos just like this, maybe you'll show 
some support by giving me a thumbs up, and if
you're new to my channel, maybe you'll consider 
subscribing so you can be informed when I upload
a new video. Thanks for tuning in. I can't wait to 
see you on my next video. Until then, stay well.