If your cortisol is high, your sleep
sucks, your belly fat won't budge, and
your energy crashes like clockwork, this
could change everything in minutes.
Doctors won't tell you this because it's
free, natural, and insanely effective.
I'll walk you through exactly how to do
it and why it works like flipping a
switch. Don't miss a second, especially
if you've tried everything and nothing's
worked. The shocking truth is that you
can lower cortisol in just five minutes
without a pill, a medication, without a
workout, without anything extreme. And
this hack doesn't even come from a
biohacking lab. It comes within you. You
see, we spend so much time chasing
pills, potions, gadgets, quick fixes.
While the most powerful stress
destroying tool has been hiding in plain
sight, and doctors won't tell you about
it because there's no profit to be made.
This is why it's important. High levels
of cortisol, the stress hormone, will
create belly fat and inflammation. It'll
also weaken your immune system. You see,
we've heard it before. Cortisol is your
body's stress hormone. It is higher in
the morning, but that's natural when you
wake up. When it stays elevated all day
long, that is not normal, and that is
dangerous. When cortisol stays high, it
creates belly fat and visceral fat.
Here's a crazy stat for you. There are
twice as many receptor sites for the
hormone cortisol inside of your belly
fat, visceral fat, than other areas in
your body. This is why you've heard the
term before, cortisol belly. That is an
accurate statement. Cortisol leads to
inflammation in the gut. It breaks down
your muscle. It weakens your immune
system and it keeps your metabolism on
red alert, meaning inflammation
increases dramatically. This damages
your mitochondria where you produce less
energy and you feel inflamed and also
look inflamed. Cortisol also creates
blood sugar spikes because glucose or I
should say because cortisol follows
glucose. So when you're in a fight
orflight state, your body will take
cortisol and convert it into sugar.
It'll also dump sugar from your liver
into the bloodstream. This creates
hormonal chaos. It suppresses
testosterone, suppresses estrogen,
progesterone, and it makes weight loss
harder and libido lower, and you age
faster. Studies show people who are
under chronic stress also eat 40% more
calories, mostly from sugar and bad
fats, compared to when relaxed. See,
cortisol was designed for survival in
short bursts. But in today's world with
constant notifications, dings,
deadlines, financial stress, toxic
foods, lack of sleep, we've created an
issue. And study after study shows high
levels of cortisol is linked to heart
disease, type 2 diabetes, Alzheimer's,
depression, and anxiety, and premature
aging. So, this isn't just about belly
fat. This is about your health span and
your lifespan. Here's the kicker. You
cannot out exercise, out diet, or out
supplement, or out medicate high levels
of cortisol. you need a way to switch it
off at the source and that's exactly
what you're going to do. This works so
effectively and it's called vitamin G.
See, this is a powerful nutrient that as
soon as you take automatically raises
another hormone in your body called
oxytocin. Oxytocin is called the love
hormone. As soon as you produce
oxytocin, you lower cortisol because
they have what's called an inverted
relationship. When oxytocin goes up,
cortisol goes down. And when you take
vitamin G and within five minutes after
taking it, here's what's going to
happen. It activates your
parasympathetic nervous system, which is
your rest, digest, detoxification
nervous system. It lowers blood
pressure. As a matter of fact, studies
show from UC Davis that individuals who
take vitamin G have healthier blood
pressure levels than those who don't
take vitamin G. It also lowers your
blood sugar. Uh that same study from UC
Davis looked at the A1C marker was it
which is a three-month measurement of
your blood sugars and it showed those
who take vitamin G had healthier A1C
markers compared to those who didn't
take vitamin G. Vitamin G lowers heart
rate. It's been shown to reduce
inflammatory markers like IL6,
HSCP,
homocyine and others. And as soon as you
take vitamin G I remember reading a
study from Dr. Joe Despensza. He showed
doing brain scans that when they took
vitamin G, he noticed 1,200 chemical
reactions take place instantaneously in
the body. He saw dopamine, serotonin,
oxytocin, GABA all get produced when you
take vitamin G. These are feel-good
hormones and chemicals. And another
study that Dr. Dr. Joe Despensza
conducted showed after just a few days
of taking vitamin G every day, he
noticed a significant decrease in
cortisol levels and a significant
increase in their immune system
measuring their IGA levels. And if you
really want convincing evidence, Harvard
put a study, they published a study in
JAMAMA and in this study they looked at
49,275
nurses and here's what the study showed.
The nurses who took vitamin G every
single day had a 9% reduction in dying
from all-c cause mortality compared to
the nurses who didn't take vitamin G.
And they had a 15% reduction in dying
from cardiovascular disease. Another
study looking at the mitochondria blew
me away. And this study that you could
find on PubMed by Dr. Martin Pequard
looked at caregivers. All right,
caregivers have a very stressful job.
They are in constant fight or flight,
constant high levels of cortisol. And in
this study, they measured the
mitochondrial health of caregivers
through a a test called the MHI,
mitochondrial health index. Studies
showed that the caregivers that took
vitamin G at night had healthier
mitochondrial levels the following
morning compared to the nurses who
didn't take vitamin G. And research
study after research study shows there
are no side effects to vitamin G. There
is no toxicity limit to vitamin G. And
look, I've worked with thousands of
people trapped in this vicious cycle of
stress, cravings, fat gain, guilt, more
stress. And when they take vitamin G,
here's what they report. Better sleep,
reduced cravings, calmer moods, and
lower blood pressure readings. That's
how powerful vitamin G is. So, where can
you get vitamin G? Do I have a coupon
code and an affiliate link for vitamin
G? The answer is no. There's no link,
there's no code because vitamin G is
vitamin gratitude. It is the feeling of
gratitude. That's vitamin G. Every study
I just referenced is on feeling
gratitude. And I want you to notice how
I'm very intentional with saying the
feeling of gratitude, not the practice
of gratitude. Gratitude is not a
practice. Gratitude is a feeling. And
gratitude is like strength training for
your soul. It's completely free. You
could take as much as you want and your
body will still get the same benefit.
And it completely rewires your brain.
This is a universal law. And there's
also science to back it up. And I'm
going to give you the science for those
who are skeptical, the leftrainers out
there. There's a part of your brain
that's the size of your pinky like this
that's in your brain stem and it's
called the reticular activation system.
The reason why we have this RA in our
brain stem is because it was put there
the way God designed us as a filtering
mechanism. You see, there are millions
of things that stimulate the brain every
single day. And if we didn't have a
system in place, a filtration system in
place like the RA, the brain would short
circuit. You would not be able to
function. So God put this ra in the
brain to filter out what we've trained
this software system to believe is not
important and to only see the things
that we believe are important. All
right, this is how it works. Let's say
you want to buy a a new car. How many of
you watching and listening have done
research to buy a new car? I think most
of you. So let's say you're on the
internet. You're on autotrader.com,
carvana.com, these different websites to
buy vehicles and you're doing a lot of
research. You're spending a lot of time
looking at new cars, used cars, should I
lease it? And you make a decision that
you want to buy, let's say, a red Toyota
Camry. So, you finally go to the
dealership and you're looking at
different red Toyota Camry and you make
that decision to buy this new red Toyota
Camry. You drive it off the lot and you
start to notice something that same day
and in the following weeks and months.
You start noticing your same car, this
new red Toyota Camry everywhere. At the
stop sign, there's another red Toyota
Camry right next to you. On the highway,
it's driving next to you. They're all
over the place. Now, here's the
question. Did everybody buy a red Toyota
Camry because you bought one? Is that
why you're starting to see more of them?
Or is it because you've put so much
energy and trained this RA to see red
Toyota Camry that now you see more of
it? It's the latter. That's how it
works. Now, back to gratitude, vitamin
G. This means if you're not practicing
gratitude, or I should say feeling
gratitude. I caught myself there. Then
you've trained the RA to see all the
problems, all the things that are not
working in your life, all the obstacles,
all the things you hate. And you've
trained that RA to see more of that.
You're going to get more evidence. It's
going to be so easier to be in that
angry, stressed state. But once you
start feeling gratitude every day, you
now are training that to see more things
that you're grateful for. Obstacles
become opportunities. Stressings become
blessings. So, here's how I want you to
take your vitamin G every morning. And
in the morning is the best time to take
it because that's when you're going to
get the most benefits. Before you look
at your phone, start your work
conversations with anybody. Do this.
It's a fiveinut practice. And you could
also do this during times of high stress
and you'll immediately drop cortisol,
raise oxytocin, put your body in an
anti-inflammatory state. So, a
fiveminute protocol here. So, for one
minute, you're going to sit still.
You're going to close your eyes, and
you're going to think about something
you're grateful for. It could be a
person where you have a current
relationship with or somebody who's
passed on that you had a previous
relationship with. It could be a memory.
It could be a victory. It could be
whatever it is. But you spend an entire
minute on that gratitude and bring all
the feelings as much as possible in that
minute. Soon as the minute is done, you
move on to a different person, thing,
memory you're grateful for. And you do
that on five different memories,
persons, things you're grateful for.
It's a five minute practice. One of the
best ways to lower cortisol and
inflammation. And it does it within five
minutes. And you could start by doing it
right now. For those watching on
YouTube, let me know in the comment
section down below. What do you have
vitamin G for today? Take your dose, get
the benefits, and let me know. I can't
wait to read it. Now, I'm going to get
to the questions you submitted on this
topic. Before I do, I want to give you a
free resource. I put together a free
PDF. This is a brand new PDF on how to
lose one pound of fat every day until
you achieve your goal weight. If you've
been busting your ass and you're still
not losing fat, your body isn't broken,
your insulin is. So, I created a free
7-day protocol that shows you how to
drop one pound of fat per day without
counting a single calorie, without
starving yourself or without killing
yourself with cardio. You'll learn the
exact fasting schedule I recommend, easy
food swaps, and fat burning tricks to
finally unlock stored fat naturally.
This is the blueprint for metabolic
freedom, not another gimmick. Click the
first link in the description box below
or if you're watching on YouTube, scan
the QR code on the screen to get it now.
Don't wait for New Year's. Your reset
starts right now. Now, let's get to your
questions. How long does it actually
take to see belly fat reduction after
lowering cortisol with gratitude? You're
going to notice significant changes
within 30 days, but you'll start to
notice some subtle changes within the
first 7 days. Be consistent. And in the
beginning, it might be difficult for
some people to practice gratitude.
That's okay. But keep putting in the
reps and stay consistent. And the more
consistent you are, every day you're
starting to retrain the RA and you'll
get better and better at it. What are
the signs that my cortisol is finally
coming down? What you could track is
something called heart rate variability.
And ideally, you want your heart rate
variability to increase. So heart rate
variability is looking at the balance
between your sympathetic fight orflight
cortisol nervous system and your
parasympathetic rest and digest. And
it's looking at how well you're adapting
to stress. And what I found is that when
you get vitamin G, uh, you're going to
notice an increase in heart rate
variability. Now, I use an aura ring to
track my heart rate variability, and
I'll drop a link for it down below, but
that's something you want to track. Do I
need to physically write my gratitude
down or is just thinking about it
enough? It really depends. I I I think
it is powerful to write it down, but in
the morning, you could do that practice
where you're just thinking about it. But
if you feel better writing it down, it's
really your call. They're both going to
be powerful for you. Just bring as many
as much feelings and emotions as
possible in the gratitude. If I miss a
day, do I lose the benefits or is it
consistency more important than
perfection? Consistency is more
important than perfection. If you miss a
day or three days, you don't lose the
benefits. Just get right back on track.
I always tell my Fat Loss Academy
students, it's not about the setback,
it's about the get back. There you have
it. Get your vitamin G. Text somebody
you know that you're grateful for and
let them know why you're grateful for
them and get that vitamin G and you also
make their day. Thanks for watching.
Thanks for listening. If you love this
lesson, you'll love a previous lesson I
outlined on what to eat to unlock
unblock your arteries. No statins, no
surgery because cortisol increases risk
of heart disease. So, you want to eat
this meal to lower risk of heart
disease. Here's a clip from that lesson
and I'll see you in that next lesson.
The number one food that most people
think is heart healthy but is destroying
your arteries is going to be whole wheat
bread. Yes, even the brown organic
multi-grain kind. Here's why. Whole
wheat bread. Two slices of whole wheat
bread can spike your blood sugar and
insulin levels as much as a Snickers bar
or a can of soda.