Hey guys, this is market update.
Absolute chaos in crypto over the
weekend. Most people's trading positions
in altcoins just wiped out by that price
action. If you hold spot, then not much
difference. Most coins have recovered a
lot of that move. Bitcoin went down 20%.
It's now down 10% from the all-time
high. Recovered half of it. Are we
topping out for this bull market,
though? We just cannot get over this
level, can we? I'll try and explain that
in this video. And then an update on my
trading positions. During the flash
crash overnight, or overnight my time
anyway, these two bids got hit. So, I
had those in the system, 106, 107. So,
I've actually added to my position here.
Um, I'm not going to get out of my
position, and I want to talk about
leverage. You can't use leverage in all
coins. They're 80 vol assets. They
regularly fall 60%. You can't use
leverage with that. It's impossible. You
have to buy a spot, wait for draw downs
if you want to buy, and those are ex
insanely risky and volatile investment.
You can't use leverage with that, right?
You basically have a 99.99% chance of
getting liquidated if you use leverage
with all coins. With Bitcoin, the
implied volatility is like 50 still,
right? So, you're looking at normal
volatility, normal volatility that it
could go down 50%. So, in terms of using
leverage, you have to be extremely
extremely low if you want to use it. I
don't recommend it for most people. I
started broking more than 15 years ago.
I've got a lot of experience. The amount
of leverage that I'm using, my trade
size in relation to my portfolio is
0.5%.
So, it's basically irrelevant if I have
it on or off, right? I'm just trying to
keep sharp. And what I'm doing is trying
to go short dollars, long Bitcoin. And
as long as the short dollar side has a
funding rate lower than the annual rate
of return of Bitcoin, I can fund that
trade for years and years. It doesn't
matter to me. The trade size doesn't
matter to me. That means that I can keep
in control and I I'm not uh traded out
or I'm not pushed around by the market
and price movements. I don't know what's
going to happen to the price any more
than anyone else. And so don't focus on
that. You have to focus on the things
that actually exist, which is the
implied volatility of Bitcoin. If you're
using leverage, what is the funding
rate? Can you fund the position, etc.
Even still, my trade size is 0.5% of my
portfolio. If you're trading 2x, 3x
leverage on all coins, 99.99% certain
you're going to get wiped out. And so,
don't use leverage with extremely
volatile assets. And if you do, keep it
very, very low. The growth rate of
Bitcoin is enough. 25, 30, 40% a year,
it's enough, right? You do that for
five, six, seven years and you're much
higher than most other assets, using
leverage is extremely risky. Um, and so
for most people, if you don't have
experience,
extremely low or just don't use it,
right? Uh, I've updated the crypto
course with October updates. If you've
got the course, just go and watch those
videos now. They'll be free for you. I'd
also leave a uh discount to the crypto
course down below. If you type BTC at
checkout, you can get 10% off 300 videos
on trading professionally and also
updated for free forever for existing
users. Bitcoin has one foot in Tradfire,
one foot in crypto right now, right?
Everyone owns Bitcoin now. Sovereign
wealth funds, pension funds, right?
They're starting to get into it, but
it's volatile, right? It's also volatile
because it collateralizes crypto. So,
you've got 80% draw downs in altcoins
overnight. Bitcoin is collateralizing a
lot of those trades. So, it has to get
sold off for dollars to fund the losses
in those trades. It's more volatile, but
it has higher returns. We have to know
this generally and set the portfolio up
so that we don't get wrecked. Number one
rule in finance is not to get wrecked.
Don't overreach. But generally, if the
NASDAQ is higher, Bitcoin is going to do
okay. If the NASDAQ is down, we're in a
recession or there's fear about that and
stocks are down or weak, Bitcoin's going
to be weak. So, what happens after a big
VIX spike or a draw down in the stock
market? Generally this is for the NASDAQ
a 30% single day VIX spike 84% of the
time we are higher within 30 days
typical gain 5%.
You typically get big draw downs in bull
markets, right? You melt up, big draw
down, melt up, big draw down. That's
typical bull market price action to be
fair. If we're looking at the S&P minus
2.5% after an all-time high, you're
looking at 3 months later, 88% of the
time it's a positive move with an
average of 6%. That would be higher for
the NASDAQ in terms of the returns and
higher for Bitcoin still. If the if the
stock market's going to go up, then I'm
not worried about my Bitcoin trades. Uh
in terms of this bull market, it's three
years in length. The average is 5.5 and
the average return 191% and we're up
88%. Now, all these are different. This
is average, but as long as the stock
market's doing okay, uh then I'm going
to be fine in my Bitcoin trades. Bitcoin
is number five in terms of all US ETFs
right now, right? It's looking to get
higher year-to- date flows than
something like uh VU and IBV, which the
S&P index is, right? It's right up
there. It's not going anywhere. So I
think the risk of Bitcoin failing
completely is over. Now all you have to
figure out is what's the implied
volatility over time and how much money
can you put into that and how long can
you get exposure to it. The main issue
we have with Bitcoin right now is that
the 100k sellers aren't exhausted yet.
Tradfi after the ETFs came in moved the
price up right 50 70 100 they found
supply at 100 and they're not exhausted
yet at that 100k level. We've been in
this for a year. We've basically moved
sideways for a year, right? We were at
100K almost a year ago. We moved above
it a bit, below it, above it again.
We're still around this level. There's
still sellers here. Traders bought more
Bitcoin this year than it did last year,
and we've still got a few months left.
And we've still gone sideways mostly for
this year. So there there is a lot of
selling at 100K. You have to exhaust
these sellers before the bull market is
over in order to rerate higher. And if
you don't and the stock market comes off
early, then we're not going to go above
this, right? And so that's an issue.
Now, for the most part, that data shows
that the NASDAQ usually does quite well
after a VIX spike, right? So 3 months,
um, another 3 months, are these sellers
going to get exhausted? I don't know.
But it's something to watch definitely,
right? You need these sellers to just
clear out before you can go higher. And
if you get another three, six months of
the bull market, that should be okay.
But if the bull market ends in the next
few weeks, that's the top, right? I
don't think that's going to happen. I
don't think that's likely. I think it's
more likely that we stick in the bull
market. If you have the crypto course,
uh this is an update for you guys,
completely free. If you don't have it
yet, I'll leave a discount link to the
crypto course below. Uh just type the
code at checkout and you'll get a link
there. You can also get deposit and
trading bonuses on Bybit and Apex as
well by the links in the description.
I'm James Many G. this for watching.
I'll see you in the next