Politicians and bureaucrats love
impossible targets and law enforcement,
well, they love them even more. The
Australian Federal Police have announced
a new national security investigations
team to, in their words, target groups
causing high levels of harm to
Australia's social cohesion. That's
right, the police are going to make us
all get along or else. What could
possibly go wrong? And I hate to be a
downer, but yes, we should be worried
about this because if the UK experience
is anything to go by, social cohesion
will be an impossible and ever moving
target, which will ultimately lead to
the federal police becoming the word
police and making arrests for well,
we'll talk about some of the craziness
that's gone down in the UK in a minute.
Now, full disclosure, the Australian
Federal Police have had a file on me
since at least 2009. That's when they
contacted me for the first time wanting
to know why I'd been filming outside of
the security fence around a power
station in the LROE Valley. That was my
first ever video. And yeah, I have been
treading on toes ever since. 10 years
later, I had a bit to do with the AFP
again when I was the MC of a farmers
rally on the steps of Parliament House
in Canra on December 3rd and 4th, 2019,
if you're wondering. And at an
individual level, the officers were
great. No complaints. And in both cases,
they were doing legitimate federal
police work, ensuring the security of
critical infrastructure in the case of
the power station and ensuring the
security of Parliament House in the case
of that protest. And I'm sure that none
of them signed up to be a federal police
officer so that they could go and arrest
people for Facebook posts or stop street
preachers from quoting the Bible. But
then again, that's not why the UK police
signed up to be officers either. And
yet, when the orders came down for them
to go and do things like arresting women
who claimed they had been raped because
they made the claim on social media, or
when they get orders to go and arrest
street preachers for the crime of asking
genuine questions about the Quran, the
UK police just followed orders. What the
Australian Federal Police have announced
is a moral test for us all. A test for
you and I as to whether we will continue
to speak truth despite the risks. And a
test for federal police officers as to
whether they will uphold their oaths to
serve or whether they will simply become
enforcers for the government of the day
and whatever socially fashionable causes
they are ordered to serve this week.
More about that in a minute. But first,
my name is Toeer Field. This is the
TOEFL project and I help busy people
like you to cut through the crap and
make sense of the nonsense that
surrounds us. I am 100% viewer
supported. So, if you appreciate what I
do, then please buy me a coffee via the
button at tofield.net. And if you like
my nononsense videos, then you will love
my nononsense books about government,
power, human rights, and civil
disobedience. My first book is titled
Good People Break Bad Laws, and it's
about the role of civil disobedience in
the modern age. My second book is titled
Good Christians Break Bad Laws, and is
all about obeying God in a fallen world.
You'll find both of those on Amazon. But
you'll find both my books, plus my
multi-awwardwinning DVD, Battleground
Mel Melbourne, and all of my t-shirts,
hoodies, and more at good
peoplebreakbadlaws.com.
And everything you buy will help me to
keep the TOEFL project going. Okay,
first I'm going to read you the
announcement from the Australian Federal
Police. Then we're going to talk about a
little thing called mission creep, which
is what I experienced firsthand when I
was charged with incitement during Dan
Andrews CO lockdowns in Melbourne. Then
I want to play you a video showing
exactly what Australian Federal Police
officers must not do and who they must
not become. Here's what the AFP had to
say about this new unit. The AFP has set
up new national security investigations
teams to target groups and individuals
causing high levels of harm to
Australia's social cohesion. The NSI
teams will work closely with state and
territory police, law enforcement, and
national security partners to provide a
coordinated, consistent, and
intelligence-led response to security
threats and also work on a global level
through operations capabilities and
relationships with the international law
enforcement intelligence community.
There are current and emerging groups
dispersed across Australia and in some
cases overseas who are eroding our
country's social fabric by advocating
hatred, fear, and humiliation. While
many of these crimes may not meet the
threshold of terrorism, the AFP has
identified concerning behaviors which
could escalate to politically motivated
violence or hate crimes which seriously
put the Australian community at risk.
There is no place for hate or violence
in our communities and the AFP will
defend and protect Australia and
Australia's future from these threats.
Now, as is always the case, the language
that these announcements are written in
sounds very reasonable. I'm not in favor
of hate or in favor of violence. So, why
would I have a problem with this? Well,
I have a problem with it because, as
we've seen time and again, when they say
hate or talk about hate speech, they
don't actually mean speech that is
filled with hate. They mean speech that
they hate because it doesn't align with
the current cultural fashions that these
days are enforcable by law. When they
say violence, let's not forget that the
government and our courts seem to
believe that words are violence, which
is funny because no one has ever been
punched in the pronouns. Once these
sorts of laws are on the books, and once
these sorts of task forces are in place,
they have to justify their own
existence. They're a hammer going in
search of a nail. So they start to
redefine what their mission is just to
keep themselves busy and justify their
own existence. I personally experienced
this during CO. You may know my story,
you may not. The very quick version is
that I participated in the protests
against the CO lockdowns which destroyed
so many lives in Melbourne, my former
home city, and I encouraged others to
participate as well. I was arrested and
charged with incitement along with a
bunch of others, famously Zoe Buler, but
plenty of others as well. You're
watching part of my multi-awwardwinning
documentary, Battleground Melbourne,
which lays out all of the Victorian
government's crimes during the co
lockdowns. You can watch the whole thing
for free at battleground.com.
I'm just going to let that play for a
minute to give you a taste. Now, what is
incitement? Well, the Victorian
Parliament made it a crime to incite
others to commit crimes so that it was
possible to hold people accountable when
they were, for example, an organized
crime boss who didn't personally get
involved in the dirty work. but gave the
orders. It was supposed to be for drug
smuggling kingpins and mob bosses and
even terrorist masterminds who made
things happen but didn't actually do it
themselves. But then mission creep set
in. The police went looking for a way to
shut people like me down during the co
lockdowns and the incitement laws were
abused to accomplish that purpose. I
fought my charges for 2 and 1/2 years
until Victoria police eventually dropped
them. But the point still stands. Once
those laws are on the books, they are a
hammer in search of a nail. Now, the
same is most certainly true in the UK. I
could give lots of specific examples,
but let me instead play a clip from an
interview between Constantine Kissen and
former Deputy Prime Minister of
Australia, the Honorable John Anderson,
which covers it better than I could.
In Russia last year, 400 people were
arrested for things that they said on
social media. 400 people in Russia.
Obviously, this country is very
different. How many people do you think
were arrested in Britain for things they
said on social media last year?
Go on,
take a guess.
I have no idea.
3,300.
Really? Arrested for what they'd said on
social media?
Really? What sort of things get you?
One example I give on my show is u there
was a young woman from Liverpool called
Chelsea Russell. And people can look
this up. uh her friend was killed in a
car crash, 19-year-old woman, and she
posted the lyrics of his favorite song
on her Instagram, the lyrics, and it was
a rap song. So, the lyrics contained
several instances of the n-word. Okay.
She was arrested, prosecuted, found
guilty,
given 500 hours of community service and
a fine, tagged,
and for a year, she was under 8:00 p.m.
to 8:00 a.m. curfew.
My goodness. in Britain.
In Britain
in 2018,
think about the officers who arrested
that young woman and think about when
they first signed up to be police
officers. Do you think that's what they
had in mind? Arresting people for using
hurty words on Facebook? Of course not.
And yet, when the order came down the
chain of command to go and do it, they
did it.
This new task force that the AFP have
announced is ripe for mission creep.
What exactly is social cohesion and what
is harm in this context? It's highly
subjective and open to abuse and
critically open to politicization of the
federal police force. Laws like this put
police officers into a morally
compromised position, forcing them to
choose between obeying orders in these
highly subjective and politicized cases
or doing what their conscience requires
and probably losing their jobs and
facing disciplinary action as a result.
We saw exactly this compromise play out
during co where police officers who
really did know that what they were
doing was wrong chose to collect the
paycheck for the sake of their families.
One protester managed to record this
conversation with some officers who
thankfully weren't looking for a fight
that day.
Go home.
Otherwise they start issuing tickets.
We don't want to do it but we will do
it. Right.
Well, if you don't want to do it, don't
do it. Stand up for what you believe in
rather than just go home. All right. We
get paid to do this, mate. I'm just as
over this [ __ ] protest as you are. By
protest, I mean lockdown, right?
Unfortunately, I got to do what I got to
do.
You don't have to do that. You don't
have to. You're choosing to do
I'm not skilled to do anything else,
mate. So, unfortunately, at this time of
my life, that's what I have to do.
And the people of us that aren't
skilled, we don't we don't get paid.
We're not getting food at the moment.
I hear you, mate. My wife's in the same
position. She's out of a job at the
moment as well.
That officer's own family was weaponized
by the state against his own conscience.
They forced him to make a choice between
putting food on the table or doing what
he knew was right. Now, I think he made
the wrong choice. You can always find a
way to get another job or a new career.
You can always rebuild, but you can
never buy your conscience back no matter
how big your paycheck may be. So, I
believe he made the wrong choice and he
has to live with that for the rest of
his life. But I also know that many
other officers, including Australian
Federal Police officers, who joined the
AFP for all the right reasons, will
compromise like he did when the orders
come down, and they will allow
themselves to be used to do the wrong
things, but they'll justify to
themselves that they're doing it for the
right reasons. We already have laws
against actual violence and incitement
to actual violence. We already have
anti-terror task forces, anti-organized
crime task forces, and all manner of
task forces to deal with actual threats.
This new national security
investigations team, mark my words, it
is only a matter of time before they
will be showing up to arrest people for
nonviolent opinions and hurty words
online. And when that happens, when
those officers have a failure of courage
and choose to just follow orders, we the
people need to have the courage as the
people of Australia to call it out no
matter what the risks may be to us to
declare it to be the human rights
violation that it is and to ensure that
what's happening already in the UK
simply cannot happen here because the
public push back and the outcry is too
great. I'm sorry to say it, but this is
an incredibly serious moment because
based on what we're seeing in the UK and
what we saw in Australia during CO, we
the people of Australia simply cannot
afford to give the benefit of the doubt
to the police. And instead, we need to
watch them. And you'd best believe I
will do that right here on the TOEFL
project. And if they end up doing what I
think they will do sooner or later, then
I'll make sure you know about it as soon
as possible. Politicians, bureaucrats,
and police love impossible targets made
up of rubbery words with nebulous
interpretations because they're a blank
checkbook for them to do whatever they
want and to give themselves as much
power as they desire. I talk about that
in my first book, Good People Break Bad
Laws, about the fact that the limit of a
government's power is reached only when
we the people reach the limit of our
obedience to them. My name's Toeer
Field. This is the TOEFL project and I
help busy Australians like you to keep
up with the world as it changes around
us. I am committed to speaking truth
come what may, just as I've done for 16
years as a political commentator and
just as I was arrested and charged for
doing during co
I will continue to do it in the coming
days, weeks, months, and years as well.
I'm very thankful to viewers who have
supported my work, either by buying me a
coffee via the button at tofield.net or
by buying my books, DVDs, and merch from
good people.com.
Every little bit helps me to keep
speaking truth to power and committing
little acts of treason every day in this
ever growing empire of lies. Thank you
for watching to the end. Please like,
comment, subscribe, and as always, think
free.