Hi guys, thanks for tuning in to another
episode of Nuggets News. Well, today I'm
going to be walking you through the
quickest and easiest ways to get
exposure to the precious metals markets.
As we've seen, gold and silver have
spectacular price rises and these kind
of headlines about cues and different
mints uh selling out. This is just wild
times. And it's not just Australia where
we saw the Perth Mint halt all sales of
physical silver. This is coming out of
India, Royal Canadian Mint. And this has
been coming for a very long time for
those of you that have followed our work
and understand paper contracts and
leverage, that type of thing. So, some
of these websites will say that they're
still available on back order, but you
know, in these uncertain times and with
governments freezing bank accounts and
confiscating wealth, a lot of people
want to have it in their own custody
outside the system. So, I'm going to
talk about all that as well. And as I
mentioned, you know, we've covered this
so often over the years and hopefully a
lot of you have done well and got some
exposure to precious metals, but those
early interviews we did with, you know,
Mike Maloney, we had Peter Schiff on the
the show and, you know, that beginner's
guide to gold and silver investing I did
a number of years ago and talking about
everything that's playing out and
mathematically how the collapse of the
financial system is going to happen
sooner or later. And here it is on our
doorstep. So back then, a few years ago,
it was 21 trillion debt. And the US is
now adding a trillion dollars of debt
every 90 days. And we're to that point
now where they've either got to let
everything collapse or hyperinflate
everything away. And in either scenario,
real assets, finite assets are probably
going to do well and help you survive
whatever's coming next. So look,
silver's just broken out. I'm going to
talk about that a little bit more.
Gold's been breaking out for a fair
while now, but it really is silver that
is the interesting one because it's just
passed that $50 high which it touched
back in 2011 after the financial crisis,
but also back in 1980. But if we have a
look in these um you know nominal terms,
but inflation adjusted the equivalent
price for silver is $200. So how many
assets or markets at all haven't
surpassed their 1980 highs in you know
nominal terms let alone inflation
adjusted terms. So you know we don't
like to chase price charts that have
gone parabolic. So maybe a good strategy
is uh buying a little bit now and then
averaging in over the next few weeks or
buying more if we do get that big
pullback. But I'm going to talk about
the fastest and easiest way to get
exposure. So Paul from Aninsley Bullion
um who we've had on the channel a number
of times, they've got their gold and
silver standard tokens. Now these are
all fully audible proof of reserves and
their Ethereum tokens that you can
actually hold in your own custody as
well, which I'll get to, but AGS is
their silver token, AUS. Now, you can
buy I think it's $5,000 minimum on their
website if you want to sign up um on
their platform. But these are actually
freely available and trading on
Coinspot, which is one of Australia's
largest, if not the largest exchange.
So, if you head over to Coinspot um link
down below to sign up, they've got their
website or the app. Make sure you go to
the correct website, guys. Don't get
scammed using, you know, these fishing
links and um fake websites and that type
of thing. But if you just click on buy
or sell, you type in that code AUS for
the gold one or AGS and and it'll bring
up these tokens and then you can buy the
amounts that you want. But you can also
send them to your own wallet because
they are those Ethereum based tokens. So
if it's your hardware wallet, um your
computer wallet, your phone wallet,
however you've got it set up. And if you
want to just keep them on Coinspot and
you've got good two-actor authentication
set up, a good password and all that,
you know, that might be fine for you as
well. Now, as I mentioned, if you're
doing large amounts over $5,000, it's
slightly cheaper rate on the Aninsley
website itself. But again, some people
might want that own custody or just be
buying a smaller amount than $5,000. Um,
the other option is our for orders over
$10,000 if you're doing really big
trades, you know, you want to swap
$100,000 of Bitcoin or Salana that
you've got in a big profit straight to
silver. Um, Uptrade can help you do that
type of stuff as well. So, I'm going to
talk about a couple more things here,
guys. But, uh, with all our research at
the moment, our metrics still suggest
it's not a bad time to be risk. Yes,
we're deep into the the crypto cycle and
the monetary inflation cycle, you know,
stocks are at record highs, but as I
said, until this data changes, I don't
think the um powers that be, you know,
central bankers have too many other
levers to pull. So, I will be watching
our data closely. You can get all this
if you sign up over at
nuggetsnews.com.au
under our data section there. But um
what a wild wild time to be alive for
those of us that have been gold and
silver and you know into our crypto for
many many years to watch what is
unfolding at a global level now. And a
lot of our focus with our research as
well going forward is going to be around
privacy, surviving this crash or
hyperinflation that is coming, but
maintaining your privacy in this world
where they're going to be pushing
digital IDs, trying to tax everything.
Um, surveilling all your online
activities and social media. You know,
we're hearing these stories of people
getting their bank accounts shut down
for social media groups that they're in,
you know, being labeled conspiracy
theorists, sovereign citizens,
anti-government, whatever it is. So, all
these things are going to be so
important. Um, that's going to be a big
focus of our research as always over the
years, continuing to help you guys not
only survive, but hopefully thrive um in
these uncertain years that are ahead of
us here. So, I hope you've enjoyed that
video. Smash that like button, share
these videos around, and I'll talk to
you again soon. Cheers.