So, the hatred is out of control. I
mean, it is out of control. We really
need to do something about this, man.
This off season hate. Okay, it's one
thing to hate during the season, but
come on. In the off season, this post
says, listen, this post says, "The last
person I would want speaking to kids.
Some fans are outraged that privileged
victim Caitlyn Clark charges 200,000 for
motivational speeches. So, let's just
get this straight right quick.
Privileged victim. Privileged victim.
She's never complained about anything
outside of the officiating. All of the
assaults,
all of the mean girl crap, she never
complained about any of it. She been a
straight G about all of it. I
don't think Angel should be criticized
at all, you know, no matter which way it
goes. You know, she should never be
criticized for what she did. I think
everybody knew there was going to be a
little trash talk in the entire
tournament. It's not just me and Angel.
So, like I said, I'm a big fan of hers.
I don't think Angel should be criticized
at all.
I don't think Angel should be criticized
at all. From day one, she's taking the
high road. But Angel, oh, monkey noises.
Oh, they chasing me home from the game.
Oh, the fans are yelling mean stuff from
the stand. Oh, she get the special
whistle. Oh, she fouled me too hard. Oh,
complained about every one has
complained about everything and the
other literally complains about nothing
aside from the officiating. These people
are so out of touch with their hate.
They hate their It's Caitlyn derangement
syndrome is up there with Trump
derangement syndrome and privileged
privileged. So, we've just debunked the
victim. She's no victim. She's never
played the victim card. She's never
played the victim. Went lock. She's
never played the victim. The officiating
is horrible. It it it's worthy of being
derided and ridiculed. She's never
complained about anything outside of
that. Privileged. What's been privileged
about her journey? She went to Iowa. She
didn't go to Yukon. She went to Iowa.
Yukon. Let me tell you something. In the
women's tournament, the top seed gets
the first two games on their home court.
Yukon is the top seed every year. They
play the first two games of the
tournament on their home court every
year. There aren't enough good stadiums
for the women's tournament and the men's
tournament. The men's tournaments get
top bids on all the good good basketball
arenas. So, the women's tournament, you
play at home. The the the higher seeds
play at home home games. Yukon is a top
seed every year because they have a The
whole roster is McDonald's
All-Americans. Caitlyn got to go on a
road during the tournament. Neutral
sights. She don't get the first two
games at home. Every year in the
tournament, she ain't play with no Kate
Martin is a three star. Now, I was
they're recruiting this year. Oh my god,
they got some great recruits coming in
this year. But while Caitlyn was there,
you know, it was three stars. These
guys, these girls are three stars. And
they they were great. They were awesome.
And they and they and they did excellent
in the tournament. or privileged,
guarded 94 ft, pounded, clutched,
grabbed, poked in the eye. Do you
understand that? Every time she's been
poked in the eye, a foul hasn't been
called. There's never been a foul called
on eye poke of hers. The first time she
got poked in the eye, she had to come
out and defend the girl who poked her in
the eye. They made her come out and
defend her.
Have a chance to take it back home and
and win.
quickly circling back on the play with
your eye. What would you say to the
crowd of people that think a hit like
that was intentional? Maybe even
It wasn't intentional by any means. You
just watched the play. It wasn't
intentional.
All right. Thank you, Kaitlin.
Thanks for link if you're in trouble.
This is a hostage situation. They made
her come out. They made her come out and
defend the girl who poked her in the eye
intentionally. That was the first eye
poke. Meanwhile, the girl who did it
made a skit mocking it. The girl who did
it and her girlfriend who plays on
Caitlyn Clark's team at this time made a
skit mocking it. No punishment from the
league. Kathy Ingleberg turned other
turn other turned a blind eye to it. The
second time she got poked in the eye,
she was immediately jumped on by three
players from the opposing team and
punched in the back, pushed, tripped,
knocked to the ground, and then accused
of flopping. These are just the eye
pokes. I'm not talking about the clothes
lines, the elbows to the head. I'm not
talking about the the body checks. I'm
talking about nothing. I'm just talking
about the eye pokes. Privileged. Wow.
Get in the comment section. Hit the like
button. Black Colombo out.