We start here at number one with SEI
Network. SEI, of course, is the ticker.
It's first on this list of altcoins at
under $1. This project is a financial
app chain. It is fast with low costs and
it's also scalable, which is basically
the formula that you need to be
successful certainly in the financial
world. And investors are taking note of
this project. In a recent development,
the most powerful names in terms of
global finance seem to be expressing
interest in SEI. for example, Black
Rockck's ICS US dollar liquidity fund
and Brevin Howard's master fund. These
are now live on SEI and these are big
names of course. And in this context, we
are also talking tokenized RWAS, real
world assets brought to SEI by K AIO, in
this case institutional RWAS. This shows
us that SEI network keeps building and
working to become a major player in the
RWA space. That is their stated goal and
objective and they're in good company
because the world's largest tokenization
platform, Securitize, they are also on
SEI. It currently has over $4.5 billion
in tokenized assets under management.
Global capital market data is also live
on SEI. This is done courtesy of chain
links data link, another big player that
you can find on the SEI network. You can
find real live data on the Deutsche Bors
on SEI as well. And the price of SEI is
significantly below a dollar, just about
a fifth of a dollar. Not quite, but uh
in that territory. 21.68
cents as I record. Uh kind of finds
itself locked in an accumulation zone
and it is down these past few weeks for
the most part. However, people are
optimistic, ourselves included. Ali
Martinez here on X sees a parabolic run
for SEI coming soon at some point. In
fact, he's also seeing some similarities
uh between SEI this year in 2025 and SUI
SUI in 2024.
[Music]
Because of some of the mathematics
involved in circulating supply and total
supply, what we actually have right now
is some of the most powerful altcoins in
2025, some of our favorites objectively
that are trading at less than a dollar.
And then of course after the recent
market shakeup, the crypto flash crash,
they're on even more of a fire sale.
We're not talking about meme coins here
or hype plays. Instead, projects that
are solving real world problems and
building rapidly in a pragmatic way.
These are five projects we're counting
down in this video that we would
otherwise be bullish about anyway, but
all of these altcoin tokens are priced
at under $1. Next up and at number two
here, we're looking at Finance. ticker
Ono, of course, O N D O. And it's
actually kind of been a little bit of a
long time since I last talked about Ono
Finance. It's probably time now to
revisit this one. It is on this list of
altcoins under $1. In early September,
uh, global markets went live on. This
was a pretty big milestone. These are
markets that bring traditional public
securities on chain. And in all
fairness, I expected this to be more of
a catalyst than it has been so far. I
guess the timing wasn't great with that
crypto crash that we've been
experiencing, but still it remains
massive news and Ono is still leading in
terms of the RWA charts. So from that
point of view, I still see Ono as a
sleeping giant. Uh its infrastructure,
for example, is all set to bring Wall
Street on chain, which is pretty big.
October 6th was also an important date.
That's when Finance completed its
purchase of Oasis Pro. That is a
licensed broker dealer in the United
States. And with this, moves kind of
away from being just another RWA project
because it's now pivoted directly
towards infrastructure that can legally
operate in the US capital markets. So
this greatly lowers regulatory risk of
course and also opens the door for
institutional capital. And so the
current price of right now is a little
bit uh just below actually 77 with a
market cap of $2.4 billion. There is no
token unlock until the 17th of January
2026. So, Ono keeps accumulating around
that $1 price tag. Um, if it's below
that, to me, it looks like this is a
good entry point and that Ono is uh kind
of undervalued at the moment. The RWA
market is still a strong force to be
reckoned with and it's only going to
grow if you are to believe the analysts.
Quick shout out to Serge here. This is
our risk-free prediction game that's
available on Telegram. And in this game,
you just swipe left or right. You can
kind of think hamster combat or even
Tinder. You're swiping to guess whether
a crypto asset pumps or dumps. And in
the process, you earn rewards and
actually hopefully you can pick up some
market skills as well while you're at it
in the form of technical analysis.
They've also kicked off a weekly
giveaway. It's a contest that is super
simple. Every week there's a coin of the
week and this week it is Trump, T R U M
P. And all you have to do is swipe to
find it in the Surge app. Then once you
see it, screenshot it and then drop it
under their tweet. One random reply wins
$50 in USDT. It is super easy, but in
order to win and have a chance at
winning, of course, you have to at least
participate. So check out Surge. Have
some fun swiping and maybe snag some
cool prizes along the way. Check out the
links, the URLs in the description of
this video below to participate. At
number three here, we are looking at
Pudi Penguins and Pangu, which is the
ticker P N GU. We're kind of leaving the
realm of altcoins here. Uh, Pangu is, of
course, in all fairness, a memecoin.
Maybe that's your thing. Uh, maybe it's
not. But, you know, this one is perhaps
worth your consideration. I will
explain. What's kind of impressive here
is that we're talking about a crypto
project that has their own merchandise
at Walmart and Target stores. Um, for
whatever that's worth, you can buy a
penguin there. And we have 2 million
toys that already have, you know, been
sold over the counter. The team also
recently launched their Pudgy Party
mobile game that launched a couple of
months ago back in August and in about
six weeks time it has 750,000
downloads. Not bad by the numbers.
Institutions also seem to be warming up
to these plushy animals. Canary Capital
filed for an ETF for Pangu and the Pudgy
Penguin NFT. uh this can possibly bridge
the meme NFT world with more so-called I
guess legitimate financial products and
the social media activity is also
noteworthy. Uh so the penguins have over
5 million followers between YouTube, Tik
Tok and Instagram and the GIFs have over
148 billion views. Uh pretty impressive
metrics no matter what kind of a project
this is memecoin or not. The current
price of PE NGU is about 2.3 and a half
cents with a$ 1.47 billion dollar market
cap. Look, like a lot of other altcoins,
uh it seems to be stuck in this kind of
accumulation zone. Ali Martinez on X has
also weighed in on Pangu. He does feel
that a move back up to 3.5 cents is
possible. This altcoin buzz spotlight
video is sponsored by Walrus Protocol,
which has the fastest solution for data
storage on the market today. It's from
the team behind and their token and
airdrop were a huge success. Walrus is
already a top 150 coin. In fact, it's so
resilient that even with only a few
nodes operating, your data availability
will not be affected. Decentralized data
storage on Walrus is solving the big
problem of data availability and
integrity. And this is especially
important for AI models and their data
sets. Decentralized AI solutions are
important to many of us in the industry
and many of you as well. And really the
last thing that we'd want to see is
having to give up our data for free
again like we did with social media and
a lot of the big web 2 companies. But AI
models are big huge databases that need
training on one end and specialized
limited access on the consumer end.
Walrus was built exactly for this. Its
specialty in large pieces of
unstructured data means storing models
to train to your liking on your private
data is easier and cheaper than ever
before. And Seal helps you control who
accesses it. That means you can use
Walrus to create an AI app to sell to
others with the user permissions and
controls you need. So try Walrus today.
Whether you need it to store an NFT or
an entire AI model, you get the same
smooth, fast, and cheap storage service.
Follow Walrus on X for more updates and
check out the link in the description
below. At number four here, let's
consider Kronos and the CRO token.
Kronos is the native cryptocurrency and
token of the Kronos chain. This is of
course a layer 1 blockchain developed by
the Crypto.com exchange and CRO is its
native token. You can use it for things
like paying transaction fees or for
staking. Since early October, you can
find Morphos's lending vaults on Kronos.
This is a complete lending
infrastructure that has moved onto
Kronos. And that means you can now
borrow or supply assets such as wrapped
BTC or ETH straight on Kronos, which of
course increases utility, capital flows,
and by extension demand for CRO, not
only as collateral, by the way, but also
as a network token. But then certainly
the biggest news uh was the fact that
the Trump media group and crypto.com
bought around 584 million CRO and uh CRO
will also become the utility token for
the truth social media platform and the
price of CRO went from about where it is
now actually all the way up to 38 cents
in only 2 days. Uh so more than a 100%
gain. As I record right now we're kind
of back to the starting point 15.79.
In an earlier deal, the Trump Media
Group was mentioned in a deal to buy $6
billion dollar in CRO. This is part of a
CRO Treasury deal. So, it's not all that
surprising that the price went up in
response to that announcement. Like I
said, the dust has since settled and the
price of CRO is back down to now below
16 cents. With a $5.5 billion market
cap, we're uh just blowing up the chart
here to remind you that its price did
peak at about 96 cents. So, it is still
well off that previous all-time high.
Last but not least here at number five,
we are considering Athena Labs and ENA,
the token as the last of today's
altcoins under $1. Now, to clarify,
though, ENA is an altcoin. Really,
Athena's flagship token is a stable coin
that is USDE. This is different from
most stable coins, however, since it is
a synthetic dollar. And just to clarify,
this means that crypto assets back it.
This is in combination with
corresponding short futures positions.
Athena also has a white label stable
coin as a service product line and its
latest stable coin to emerge from that
is JUPUSD.
Of course, this will be the native
stable coin of the Jupiter stack and as
you may know Jupiter is a leading DEX on
Salana. Now you can find uh JUPUSD uh in
for example Jupiter Per. Currently,
there are around $750 million in stable
coins inside JLP and JUPUSD will
gradually replace them. JLP is the
Jupiter Per liquidity provider. Also,
you're going to find this stable coin in
Jupiter Lend as the cornerstone lending
asset. In other news, uh you are
partnered with Athena Labs. So, that
means you can now get up to 5% APY on
your USDE. The current price of ENA sits
at about 43 and a half cents with a $3.1
billion market cap. Out of 15 billion
ENA tokens, we have 7.1 billion in
circulation. So, a little bit less than
half. And a couple of weeks ago on the
5th of October, we saw a pretty big
token unlock of almost 172 million ENA.
That was worth around $100 million. What
followed was a price drop of about 5% in
response to that. Uh but then two days
later the price dropped another 10%.
From about 60 cents to about 54 cents uh
and look another drop is possible before
ENA finds its way up again in October.
We are down uh nearly 38% on the month.
So it is what it is. But if you believe
in kind of this project and what they're
doing, pretty good entry in my opinion.
Let me know if you have other tokens,
other altcoins that are your favorites
as far as being priced below $1. But
these are five that we feel are doing
great work regardless of what the token
price is at. Uh if you have something
you want to add to the list, let me know
in the comments below. Also, be sure to
join our social media discussions on X
on Discord. You can click on the links
in the description below.