Senator Lydia Thorp is no stranger to
attention-seeking behavior, but
threatening to burn down Parliament
House in support of the Palestinian
cause isn't just attention-seeking. In
my view, it's incitement. And I would
know because I've been arrested and
charged with incitement for doing far
less. Let's have a listen to what she
said.
>> We stand with you every day and we will
fight every day and we will turn up
every day. And if I have to burn down
Parliament House to make a point,
>> I am not there to make friends. I am
there to get justice for our people.
>> And I am there
to free Palestine from the river to the
sea.
Senator Thorp has released a statement
claiming that her incendiary speech to
that gleeful mob of Palestinian
supporters, protesters who appear to be
outraged that the killing in Gaza has
now stopped. Outraged that the
Palestinians are now returning from
their refugee camps to begin the arduous
process of rebuilding their homes and
lives after the war between Israel and
Hamas has left Gaza in ruins. and
outraged that the handful of surviving
hostages who have been held by Hamas for
more than 2 years might finally be about
to be freed. She stood in front of that
crowd and said what she said. But she
claims that her threat to burn down
Parliament House was just a figure of
speech and not the literal threat that
it really did sound like. Well, let's
test that claim by putting her comments
into the context of her own political
history, the things that she has
previously said and done, which should
inform how we view the threat that she
just made. And keep in mind also that
Senator Thorp did not make those
comments in parliament with the
protections of parliamentary privileged.
She said what she said at a public
protest. So the laws that apply to me
and you are also supposed to apply to
her in that context, which makes the
comparison between what she's done and
what I was charged for saying very, very
relevant. Parliamentary privilege does
not apply when she's speaking outside of
Parliament. So the question is, are we
about to see yet another double standard
with the book being thrown at people
like me when I urged others to
peacefully stand up against human rights
abuses happening here at home in
Australia, whilst the authorities tread
softly when someone else makes actual
violent threats because of things that
are happening literally on the other
side of the planet. This isn't just a
gotcha moment against a politician whose
views I find objectionable. This is a
question of whether we're going to
uphold the expectation that here in this
country, our battle of ideas is just
that, a battle of ideas expressed in
words and in nonviolent forms of protest
and yes, including nonviolent forms of
civil disobedience, which I do advocate
for, or whether we're going to allow our
civilization to devolve at the highest
levels of government, no less, into a
violent confrontation where all options
are on the table. My name's Toeerfield.
This is the TOER project and I help busy
people like you to make sense of the
nonsense that surrounds us. Now, I am
100% viewer supported. So, if you
appreciate what I do here at the TOEFL
project, then please help me to keep
going by buying me a coffee via the
button at tofield.net.
When it comes to protest and even to
civil disobedience, well, I did kind of
write the book on it in the Australian
context. My first book, Good People
Break Bad Laws. It's about law, power,
government, human rights, and civil
disobedience, and how they interact, or
more correctly, how they should interact
in the modern age. You'll find that
book, plus my second book, Good
Christians Break Bad Laws. This is all
about the theology of civil disobedience
and the responsibility that Christians
have to stand up to the government when
it exceeds its legitimate authority.
Plus, you'll also find the DVD of my
multi-awwardwinning documentary,
Battleground Melbourne. You can watch
that for free at battleground
Melbourne.com. But if you want a DVD to
put on your shelf, you'll find this
along with my t-shirts and hoodies in a
range of different designs which are all
thought-provoking conversation starters.
You'll find it all at good
peoplebreakbadlaws.com.
And every purchase helps me to keep the
TOEFL project going. All right. Senator
Thorp's comments have to be taken
seriously in light of both her own
personal history of inflammatory
behavior and also in light of the
expelling of the Iranian ambassador
because of state sponsored violence
which has been directed against Jews in
Australia. Not to mention the targeting
of the families of the victims of the
October 7th attacks, including
blockading a hotel that the families of
some of the deceased and captured
victims of that attack were staying at
in Melbourne.
Rarely does an issue inflame as much
violence, threats, and intimidation on
Australian soil as what this war in the
Middle East has done. Now, let me be
quick to add that the vast majority of
pro Palestine protesters and supporters
would not support the use of violence
for their cause. But the fact that there
are a few, they're there and they're
looking for excuses for their behavior.
That's one of the reasons why protest
organizers, speakers, and especially
members of parliament have a
responsibility to act and speak in a way
that doesn't give license to those few.
for Senator Thorp to get up in front of
a crowd in Melbourne, among whom are
going to be people who have previously
committed acts of violence or
intimidation in the name of the pro
Palestine cause and for her to say, "We
stand with you every day and we will
fight every day and we will turn up
every day and if I have to, I'll burn
down Parliament House to make a point."
She knows who she said that to. She
knows what crowd she was in front of.
And this isn't the first time she's
chosen to use violent imagery in her
protests. When she was sworn into the
Senate in October 2020, she took that
opportunity to raise a black power fist
in the Senate and has done so on other
occasions as well. This is not an
innocent gesture. This stems from the
civil rights movement in the US in
general, but also the Black Panther
Party more specifically, a violent,
expressly Marxist political party that
sought out violent confrontation,
including multiple firefights with
police that resulted in casualties on
both sides. Now, it must be said that,
as is so often the case, the Black
Panthers were also used as an excuse for
the government to escalate their own
violence as well. This is one of the
numerous reasons why I say over and over
again that resorting to violence usually
means that you've instantly lost, at
least if you're the one initiating
escalating that violence. In the case of
the Black Panthers, the US FBI and LAPD
especially targeted them at multiple
levels, ultimately including
assassinations of some of their key
members. And I reject and condemn that
use of violence also. But when a
modern-day senator repeatedly raises
that black power fist inside Parliament
House and speaks of a black sovereignty
movement,
that's not an innocent gesture. And
Senator Thorp's decision to use that
gesture must be viewed in much the same
way as when the National Socialist
Network kitties have their pajama
parties and raise their Hitler salute.
It means something. It speaks of their
ideology and the methods that they view
as legitimate ways of pursuing their
ideology. And when Senator Thorp raises
that fist, she's telling everyone that
she views violence as an accepted method
of struggle. That's what that salute
means. And while we're here, can I just
make the point that there is no real
world difference between black
supremacists, white supremacists,
Marxists, and Islamists. They're all
exactly the same self-supreist ideology
with different rappings. If you take a
speech by the Ayatollah of Iran and swap
the word Islam for the word white, it
sounds exactly like something Thomas Su
would say. If a Marxist were to swap
boogeoisi for immigrants, blame the
immigrants, that sound exactly like the
pajama party boys. And again, the
rhetoric of the black power movement, it
was identical to the rhetoric of the
white power movement. All you have to do
is just swap the terms. The adherence of
all of these ideologies are
indistinguishable from each other. The
bottom line is they're all based on a
hatred for and a desire to subjugate and
oppress some other group of people. Who
the other is changes depending on who
the believer is. But the hate that
doesn't change. The adherence to all of
these ideologies, well, they have way
more in common with each other than
differences. They are united by their
hatred of others and their love of self
above all else. If you think I'm drawing
a long bow, Senator Thorp resigned from
the Greens Party because they weren't
extreme enough for her. She resigned
because she didn't believe the voice to
Parliament, which the Australian
population roundly rejected, went far
enough. She advocated and still
advocates for a black sovereignty
movement, very much in the vein of the
Black Panthers of the 1960s and '7s,
which in my view confirms that she sees
the world entirely through a racial
lens.
And of course, who can forget Senator
Lydia Thorp and her utterly graceless
behavior when King Charles and Queen
Camila visited Australia? She was
swearing and accusing King Charles of
committing a genocide for things that
happened long before he was born. She
had to be removed by security.
Now, given that her comments in the
context in which they were made were, in
my opinion, an endorsement of violence,
the question becomes, what should be
done about it? Well, I'm a free speech
absolutist, so I don't think that
anything should be done from a law
enforcement point of view. Rather, I
think that we should mock her, as I'm
doing my best to do in this video. We
should call her out for her hateful
ideology and let her destroy her own
reputation, or what's left of it, as
more and more people come to the
conclusion that she is not playing with
a full deck of cards inside her head.
But the Australian and fed state and
federal governments are not free speech
absolutists. and the Victorian
government, to cite just one random
example, saw fit to arrest and pursue me
for more than two years with criminal
incitement charges because I wrote posts
on Facebook encouraging people to
peacefully attend anti-lockdown
protests. I was explicitly non-violent.
The police admitted that in their own
prosecution, but I was arrested for
Facebook posts because they incited
people to peacefully breach the orders
of the chief chief health officer in
Victoria at the time. Interestingly, the
Victoria police continued to prosecute
me all the way up until Daniel Andrews
announced his resignation. After that
resignation, at the very next court
appearance, Victoria Police dropped the
criminal charges against me. Hm. That's
the standard they've set. Politically
motivated criminal incitement charges
for calling upon people to engage in
peaceful protest. In that context, what
should be the punishment for people who
threaten actual violence whilst at a
protest? Again, I'm not calling for a
punishment. I'm a free speech
absolutist. I'm just calling out the
double standard. As of this moment,
neither the prime minister of Australia,
Anthony Albanes, nor the leader of the
government in the Senate, Penny Wong,
have condemned Senator Thorp's comments.
Instead, a spokeswoman for the
government said, "Protest is an
important part of our democracy, but it
also must be respectful of others. There
is no place for violence, hatred, or
abuse." After more than 2 years of
conflict, hostages held, and a
devastating loss of civilian life, the
Australian government welcomes the first
phase of the plan to bring peace to
Gaza. And I agree. Sure. But the double
standard remains. To be fair, other
members of the Labour Party have been
more explicit in calling Senator Thorp
out with the Home Affairs Minister Tony
Burke saying the comments were not
acceptable and that the concept of
wanting to inflame push the temperature
up is not what anyone should be doing.
least of all a member of parliament.
Again, I agree, but I don't think he
goes nearly far enough. A member of
parliament just used a violent black
supremacist salute and spoke of burning
down the parliament in front of a group
that she knows contains at least a
handful of people who are willing to
engage in at the very least intimidation
and probably violence.
That sounds an awful lot like incitement
to me. And again, I don't think her
words should be punishable, but under
the current laws, they are in my opinion
because what she said in the context of
who she is and who she was talking to,
well, that was in my opinion incitement
to violence.
Okay, sure. Perhaps I'm being petty, but
you'll have to forgive me for that.
Because until I get an apology for the
stress that my family were put through,
maybe a refund for the legal costs that
my family had to bear after I was
charged with criminal incitement for my
words urging peaceful protest against
lockdowns. Until that happens, I'm going
to view with deep cynicism the silence
of Prime Minister Anthony Albani,
Senator Penny Wong, and the meymouthed
responses of other Labor Party members.
If there's going to be a law, it should
be applied equally to us all. And if
it's not applied equally to all, then
the question can rightly be asked, why
isn't the law being applied to her?
Well, maybe it will be, but as of this
moment, it hasn't been. I could
speculate about what the answer to that
question might be. Why not? But if I
were to do that in this free country of
Australia, I'm afraid my words might get
me into more legal trouble that I can't
afford. So, I think it might be best to
leave this topic here. My name's
Topherfield. This is the TOEFL Project,
and I help busy people like you to make
sense of the nonsense that surrounds us.
I am 100% viewer supported. So, please
help me to keep the TOEFL project going
by buying me a coffee via the button at
tofield.net. And if you appreciate my
nononsense videos, then you'll love my
nononsense books about government, law,
human rights, and civil disobedience,
which you'll find along with my DVD of
Battleground Melbourne, and my t-shirts
and hoodies at good
peoplebreakbadlaws.com.
Thank you for watching to the end.
Please like, subscribe, comment. Do you
think Senator Thorp is ever likely to be
held accountable to the laws that apply
to little people like you and I? And as
always, think free.