Hello.
Long time no see.
Roll the intro. Roll the intro for good
old times sake. Come on. Let's hear it.
Let's see it.
Guys,
I disappeared for a while. How long has
it been? two months, maybe more. I don't
know. I haven't been keeping track, to
be honest. Um, but I'm making this video
to let you know
what has been going on with me and what
my plans for the future are and what is
going to happen with my YouTube channel.
So um yeah first and foremost I should
start by apologizing
because you know I am
have been for the last um three or four
years I have been an online um presence
person you know I don't want to say an
influencer because I don't like that
word like what am I influencing I'm not
I don't have an influence but Um,
you know, when you have an online
presence, maybe you should tell your
following when you're planning on
disappearing. So, you know, the least
they know that you're not dead.
But, you know, I guess I guess you guys
don't assume the worst like I do. But,
um, yeah.
Um, I'm alive. I'm well. Actually,
I'm well. I'm well. We can say that. Um,
so another thing that I want to
apologize for. Well, okay. In my defense
about the not giving you guys a heads up
that I was going to be, you know,
gone. Um,
I didn't know. I didn't know. Things
just happened that way. And I'll tell
you why. I I'll tell you what happened.
Everything's going to come into place.
Um, another thing that I wanted to
apologize for was um,
as you guys know, I already announced
that I will be stopping activity on my
Only Fans and a few months back, I think
two months ago or something like that, I
tried doing a photo shoot
and I thought, you know, I'm just going
to keep it really, really safe, really,
you know, tame. It's just going to be
purely for like, you know,
a cool photo shoot with no
nothing, you know, explicit, nothing
like that. Just a cool photo shoot in a
basement.
And I even thought of the whole vibe for
it. I prepared for it like I used to
with my other photo shoots when I used
to do Only Fans. Um,
but then I actually did the photo shoot
and first of all it was something that I
enjoyed before to an extent. Like being
a model and kind of making your visions
come to light in photos was really
rewarding for me. Um, because you know I
was buying all these props, I was buying
all these clothes. I was doing this
makeup for I would do my makeup for like
four hours just to make it all fall into
place and have the whole theme and you
know just if it was a spring theme they
would there would be flowers everywhere.
I would go all out on these photo shoots
and I would be really proud of the
results.
And now I thought I was gonna keep it
more low-key just s because I hadn't
done a photo shoot in so long. So I was
like, you know, I'm not gonna go back in
with like full force and like, you know,
spend hundreds of dollars on props and
spend five hours doing my makeup. I'm
just going to go lowkey on this. So I
did, but then the satisfaction from the
results of the photo shoot just wasn't
there. And during the photo shoot, I
felt
somehow not in place. So I thought,
maybe I'm done with this. Maybe I'm done
with pictures, with photo shoots, with
um the whole aspect of being a model
because I used to enjoy it.
And I know what that means, but now I
didn't get that same feeling. And if
something brought me more negative
negative feelings than anything good. So
yeah, um I felt really awkward doing the
whole thing and then I was like, well
now I have the pictures, might as well
put them on Only Fans. But the
problem was that that made me even more
awkward and
kind of felt even more out of place
because I don't think of myself as that
person anymore. So it felt like
something that I shouldn't be doing. And
every day I was trying to post something
on Only Fans. It was this like huge task
where I would mentally have to prepare
myself to do it. And then even if it's
just like a few seconds to post
something for me because I also have to
edit the photos and everything. So it's
not a few minutes actually. It's like
more of a half an hour, an hour to edit
all the photos. And then
I was just like I just gave up. Halfway
through the photo session, I just gave
up. And I want to apologize for that for
everyone who subscribed for that photo
session that um I just stopped posting
it. Um, there wasn't much left of it
anyway, but also as the photo session
progressed, there were going to be some
more
explicit photos, I guess. Not really.
Not really. Um, but they were more than
I was ever comfortable with. Not ever,
but now they are more than I am
comfortable with. Um, and you can't just
post like on Only Fans. there is a
certain you know there's certain kinds
of
expectations that you should be post
about the content that you should be
posting there so I didn't feel like if I
didn't make explicit photos then what am
I doing there in the first place you
know so it was all just kind of very
weird and I was like okay I don't feel
comfortable posting these things but
then if I don't then
what's the point of even maintaining
this whole thing. So, I had a little bit
of an existential crisis. Um,
and even though I had the photos, I
didn't want to post them.
So, yeah, that's that's one thing I
wanted to get out of the way. And for
now, I will be
refraining from posting anything on
there. And I'll see in the future. Um, I
might just
deactivate it um altogether.
I might start a Patreon or something for
normal photos or other kind of content.
I don't know. I don't know. Um, but for
now, I'm taking baby steps and I'll tell
you what they are. So, basically, you
know, without Only Fans, it's pretty
hard to pay your bills. So, I started a
job.
I found a normal job, everybody. And I'm
working half time. Uh because I wanted
to um also do the channel stuff. I also
wanted to be streaming. I also wanted to
maybe do photo sessions depending on how
I was feeling. But I wanted to have that
time. And I started my job a month ago.
And because I haven't worked a proper
job ever in my life. I did actually
once, but it was for three months. Um,
so it was all very new to me. And
basically since co, um, I've been very
isolated from people. And even this work
that I was doing here for the channel
and and everything. Apologies. I'm
tweaking. Um,
uh, even this work that I am doing for
the channel. Um it was very solitary
work. Um, I never engaged with like I
did I didn't have colleagues or
like just close contacts that I can keep
on a dayto-day and it was still very
isolating which for me is good because
I'm not a very social person myself.
But it did take a toll on me because I
think that no matter how social you are,
it's not good to be in isolation like
that. So, one of the things I wanted to
do by getting a normal job was to just
kind of expand my social horizon. And oh
boy, did it work. It even worked a
little bit
too much for me because uh the first
week of training on the new job, I felt
so overwhelmed because all of a sudden I
was back in school. we were a group and
we were together the whole day and there
was, you know, information and
everything and but it was cool. And
after I got past that anxiety, I
actually started to enjoy it. And now
going to work is actually I don't know,
I feel pretty pretty good about it. Um,
and at the same time, I want to I want
to keep doing this because it's my
thing, you know, I've worked so hard for
it and I don't want to lose it. So, I'm
going to try my best to combine the two.
And of course, because I'm working half
time, it's not enough money still. So, I
either need two jobs or I need to work
full-time, which still won't be enough
money. Whatever. Or I need to start
university. Whatever. Right. Right.
Right. There's there's it's a mess. It's
a mess, but but but but I'll figure it
out. For now, this is what I want to
try. And that's the important word
there. Try. I will be trying to combine
my work with
this and it will take some adjusting. I
won't be able to, you know, be as all
right now we're going to sit and we're
going to watch and now I'm going to
stream and whatever. At least not
initially. Um, so I am taking it step by
step. The first step was recording this
video. So,
doing it. Doing the work.
And um yeah, after this I'm actually
going to do a reaction as well.
You will never believe it.
So, yeah. Um I'm not quitting YouTube
yet.
Um we'll see how it goes. We'll see. Um,
I really hope that I can manage to do
the two things because
I just like doing this and
yeah, I want to also I want to I want to
expand on the content that I make. I
want to make I don't know. I want to
feel more like myself
and I feel like I'm getting there. Um,
stopping with the only fans was the
first major step that I had to take.
to be able to feel more like myself. Um,
and now I'll just be figuring out the
rest. And uh, yeah, that's all I wanted
to tell you in this little update video.
And, uh, I hope that you can understand
my current situation. And, um,
yeah, that's pretty much it. Let's just
figure it out together. And thank you
for sticking by if if you did if you
have. Um it means a lot to me. And uh
yeah, I will try to be I will try to be
here more and not disappear for 3
months. But if I if I do, I will try to
warn you. Although I didn't I didn't
really expect it to be that long. Also,
there was some personal stuff going on.
you know, boy drama
that ought to distract you from everyday
business.
Am I right?
Anyway, thank you for watching this
video and I'll see you in my next
reaction video, which you will see what
it is.
Hint, it's Superman.
You know, it's it's a new movie. it came
out, so I I thought I might as well just
watch it. So, yeah. Thank you and
bye-bye. Hi. I just want to apologize
for the audio in the whole video. My
cats had messed with my microphone and I
thought I fixed it, but then I rewatched
the video and I see now that it's very
jarring to watch, but I don't want to
record it again. So, if the editor can
salvage it and save some of the audio,
that would be great. Um, but yeah, now
now I fixed it. I I just don't want to
record that again because I feel like it
would just not be the same, you know? I
don't like re-recording stuff. So, yeah.
Apologies for that.
Sorry. I know it's I know it's annoying,
but yeah, that's it. Thank you. Bye.