Netflix is going viral because people
are posting clips of what they're
finding in their kids programming and
it's transgenderism, non-binary
identities, they them pronouns, gay
kisses, and the like. Now, they're
canceling their Netflix subscriptions.
Let's talk about it.
Yeah,
guys, before we get into today's video,
please like and subscribe because today
we're going to be talking about Netflix.
And Netflix, we've been on you for quite
some time. Okay, we knew this day was
coming, but the day is here because
people are posting clips of what they're
finding in Netflix's kids programming.
And as I said before, it's they them
pronouns and non-binary this and trans
that. And I'm going to show you the
clips today. These are absolutely
insane. Let's get straight into it here.
Now, this was posted by Benny Johnson.
He compiled a bunch of these. Let's
watch.
How about you break out those moves for
your biggest fans?
I don't know. I'm safe when I'm with my
friends or other non-binary people.
Non-binary
people who aren't female or male.
Oh, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have assumed.
Nightshade's pronouns are they them.
He or she just doesn't fit who I am.
My apologies. Please switch their piece.
I'm trans, Norma, and everyone at school
knows. And everyone at home knows. And
being here, it's like a whole new place.
This is Cherry Chip reporting from the
wedding of the year. Everyone's favorite
karate instructor, Sensei Dave, will be
marrying mixed martial arts champion
Jujitsu Joe.
He's the undisputed champion of my
heart.
Everything okay, Fred?
Oh, the last time I saw my grandma, I
used a different name and pronoun,
guys. I mean, there you have it. I
actually have more clips for you, and
we're going to get to them in just a
moment. But what other reason would
there be for putting this in kids
content other than to indoctrinate them
into transgender ideology, gender
identity, the whole LGBTQ club that
exists now? There's no other reason to
be showing this to kids. And they will
sell this to you under the guise of
being inclusive or adding diversity or
being equitable towards everybody and
all identities. But what this really
means is that we are showing concepts,
ideas that kids are not ready for at an
age in which they should never be
hearing about this stuff. and they'll
file it into their kids programming so
that when you put your little kid on the
couch and you turn on Netflix or you
give them the remote and say, "Which one
do you want to watch?" and they click
Transformers or Strawberry Shortcake or
something like that, this is what
they're actually getting. You think
you're going to sit down your kid and
have them watch something about, I don't
know, Jurassic Park or some robots or
show them how to bake a cake and
suddenly they're being told about they
them pronouns or watching two men get
married. And guess what? That's fine if
you want your kids to be watching that
content, but a lot of people don't. and
they're thinking they can just freely
sit their kids in front of the TV and
have them watch some Netflix because
Netflix says that this is age
appropriate for I don't know kids seven
and below or kids four and below and
then this is what your kids are actually
watching for me. This would not be
appropriate programming. And again,
we've been talking about this for quite
some time because these stories pop up
intermittently as a new program hops on
Netflix. Parents start watching it with
their kids and all of a sudden they're
going, "Why the hell are we talking
about they them pronouns? And why are we
talking about gender surgeries and
hormone therapy and how we refer to
people and how we misgender others and
why are we having a conversation about
sexuality? This is how the story goes.
Now, I'm going to show you another clip.
This is from the Babysitters Club.
You've all heard the Babysitters Club,
right? Well, this one happens in a
medical setting, and we're going to
watch a kid correct two medical
practitioners on uh gender. Let's watch.
Bailey is not a boy, and by treating her
like one, you are completely ignoring
who she is. You're making her feel
insignificant and humiliated, and that's
not going to help her feel good or safe
or calm. So, from here on out, please
recognize her for who she is. And if at
all possible, could you find me a
non-blue hospital gown?
And if at all possible, cuz we could you
find me a non-blue hospital gown?
Because we all know with kids
identifying as trans, it really honestly
is as simple as that. Most of the time,
these kids are liking things that are
apparently associated with a certain
gender. and you'll see a boy who likes
pink or likes dresses or likes Barbie
dolls and all of a sudden we're calling
the boy a girl and this is what you're
watching in Netflix kids programming.
This is the babysitters club apparently
on Netflix. Mind you, this is in a
medical setting where it's really
important that we know the actual sex of
an individual. And we have a kid who is
speaking up to two adults, okay, two
people practicing medicine and telling
them how to do their jobs and how to
refer to somebody. And by the way, can
we get him something that's not blue
because he's a she? I've had this issue
with kids programming for quite some
time. It's really shifted from like the
times of Mr. Rogers where we're trying
to teach kids values and, you know,
serenity and calm and slowness and how
to speak to people and how to talk about
very deep issues but on a very childlike
level to kids now just trying to tell
adults all the time who they are at any
given moment and trying to assert their
independence over a world that cares
about binary sex and, you know, wanting
people to be heterosexual. I guess it's
completely changed and shifted into
something that is not in fact a
reflection of reality whatsoever and is
just teaching little kids that not only
should you like assert yourself onto the
reality that you're living in, but you
should also assert yourself onto adults
and change your pronouns and make
yourself unique and try different
sexuality. And while kids are going to
be exposed to this stuff living out in
the real world and we can have real
discussions about kids programming,
doing that in a way that is safe, in a
way that's educational, in a way that
actually helps kids, this is not the way
to do it. And clearly we have a bunch of
adults who are sitting in Netflix,
probably many of whom identify on some
sort of scale of the LGBTQ plus
community, maybe who are trans or who
are non-binary, and they're thinking to
themselves, I wish I had this in
childhood, and I wish somebody told me
this in childhood. So now I'm going to
say it to every single kid who watches
this program on Netflix, which mind you,
this is millions of children all over
the world, not just in the US, are
watching Netflix. Now, here's another
clip. This is from Strawberry Shortcake,
and we all remember Strawberry
Shortcake. I loved me some Strawberry
Shortcake. Okay, this old school sort of
animation, the little voices, the cutesy
colors and all everything going on
there. Now, here's a clip that is going
to be compared to the new Strawberry
Shortcake. You tell me if you can uh
spot the difference.
Yeah. So, here we have Strawberry
Shortcake up top. And I don't know what
we have going on at the bottom. Another
boy in a dress, which again, it's fine.
You know, boys sometimes like to wear
dresses and and that's cool, okay? And
if I have a kid at some point and he's a
boy and he wants to don't want to dress
and pretend to be a princess or
whatever, we can have a conversation
about doing that. But my goodness, do I
want to watch shows on Netflix where the
boys are just doing that flippantly and
then they're changing their identity and
calling themselves they them. No, sorry.
I don't want that. I really don't want
that. Everything's all fine and and fun
and play. It's a whole different thing
when we're talking about identity
structures and who we are as people and
how we refer to one another and changing
our names and giving ourselves new
pronouns. Then you start to piss me off.
Here's another clip. This one is from
Jurassic World Camp Cretaceous. That's a
mouthful. Okay, let's watch. The
truth is, Sammy, I've
fallen for you.
Lord have mercy.
Hard.
Real hard.
Jurassic World. You know, Jurassic
World.
Since when did this happen in Jurassic
World? I thought it was about dinosaurs.
Dinosaurs, guys.
I don't even know when.
Oh my gosh. Look at Look at this.
Jurassic World, guys.
I love the narration in the background
cuz I know that's how many of us are
responding like what the is going on? I
thought this was about dinosaurs. It's
about dinosaurs and gay love
at the same time. You know what guys,
we've seen this happen. You know, we
we've spoken about Netflix specifically.
We've spoken about Disney and what they
did in uh movies like Lightyear and
Strange World and what they were doing
with the whole I think Lucas movie and
all this different stuff. It's layers
upon layers of this sort of
indoctrination infiltrating children's
entertainment. We saw as as Snoop Dog I
think took his grandson to go watch a
Lightyear and he's like, "Well, why are
the two women kissing and why did they
have a baby? How did that happen?" And
you know, some people are ready for that
conversation and some people aren't
ready for that conversation. Some people
want their children to be exposed to
that at a later date and they want to
hold off on that. Some people just want
to put their kid in front of the TV and
have them watch a little movie or a show
about dinosaurs and they don't want two
straight people kissing. They don't want
two gay people kissing. They don't want
two lesbians kissing. They don't want
people talking about non-binary
identities. They don't want people
talking about sexual identities and
pronouns. And mind you, I put in a
straight couple in there, too, because,
you know, I'm going to want to put my
kid down in front of the TV, and how
about we watch Nobody Kissing. How about
you're a child? How about that's not for
you right now. And uh we don't need that
right now. How about that? Here's
another one. This is from uh the Monster
High movie.
I'm Frankie. Pronouns they, them. I'm
only 15 days old.
Hi, Claudine.
And that's hilarious. She goes, I'm only
15 days old. which is essentially what
you're asking of these kids. You're
going to put like a 2-year-old, okay,
how many days old and uh they them
pronouns. Nice to meet you. And a kid's
going to go, oh my gosh, what's they
them? That's really strange and that's
really interesting. And this specific
character just had a whole unique
discussion about finding out who they
are and how they're different, how they
want a new identity. And I feel like
that sometimes cuz I'm a literal child
who's literally learning my place in the
world at every given moment, at every
single micro expression and movement and
sound and word that I hear. And this
person just got their whole special
episode about being a they them special
non-binary person. I'd love to be a they
them special non-binary person. Just
like when you watch Cinderella, you want
to be the princess that gets uh swept
off her feet, you know, and and has the
the shoe that fits. Or when you watch
Rapunzel, you want the long hair or, you
know, you watch Tangled and they want to
be the horse. You never know what a
kid's going to want. Okay? So you have
to really get a handle on what you
expose them to because every single
experience that they have opens up a new
pathway, something else to discuss,
something else for them to be attached
to. And whether that's a negative or
positive attachment is really up to the
way they're exposed to it and how they
interpret it. So you really need to know
what your kids are watching. And if this
what you want them to be watching, guess
what? It's available on Netflix whether
you knew it or not. Okay? And this is
just the tip of the iceberg, right? We
have all the different diversity stuff
that's taking place at Netflix. We have
the whole Cuties program which was like
a movie sexualizing children that ended
up on Netflix and there was a huge
firestorm about I'll show you this is
like an image speaking of diversity the
the whole Witcher series or whatever
that's being put on Netflix. Here's the
casting. Just look at the the diversity,
equity, and inclusion on that. And we've
spoken about Netflix doing this at
length. They speak about this being a
huge core part of how they work as an
organization. In fact, they've created
all these little charts for us to take a
look at how much diversity, equity, and
inclusion they have forced into their
programming over the years with
creators, producers, writers, directors,
everything. Moving up from like 15% of
underrepresented communities, which
means like LGBTQ people, women, disabled
people, you know, uh, black people or
people of marginalized identities,
moving up from 15% to nearly 30%. So
just over the years they are doubling
up, doubling up, doubling up, doubling
up on pushing all of this stuff as much
as they possibly can within the
corporation. So much so that they'll
even create a little graph and chart for
you and hand it to you. This is
happening at Netflix. It's happening at
Disney. It's happening at all your like
major, you know, TV and entertainment
programming organizations, companies.
It's happening at the Oscars and the
Academy. This is what they want for your
future. And when you're pushing
diversity, equity, and inclusion behind
the scenes with your creators,
producers, directors, yada yada, that's
going to infiltrate the story lines as
well. These people come in with a very
distinct agenda to apply these things to
the creations that they're making and
especially for children. And when I tell
you that you often find this in
children's programming more than
anywhere else, it's because these people
often have issues with their own
childhood. They feel as though they had
something stolen from them in childhood,
that they didn't get to realize their
identity fast enough, that they should
have been exposed to it sooner. And the
most malleable among us, the most
vulnerable among us are our children.
And this is what these people feel like
they've had stolen from them. So they're
going to go to these children and to the
best of their abilities try to reinforce
the agenda that they've realized in
their adulthood with these children.
Okay? And now guess what? People are
responding by canceling their Netflix
subscriptions and rightfully so. Okay.
If you're going to give money over every
single month to a corporation that is in
no way promoting your values and it
especially is going out of their way to
show different values to your children
and to call that programming safe for
those children, you might you might want
to cancel it. You might want to cut it
out. Okay. So, uh here is some
screenshots of just people who are
canceling cancelling cancelling
cancelling cancelling. Elon Musk has
sort of picked up this whole story and
has been sharing it on X saying yes, go
ahead and cancel your Netflix
subscriptions. and that has really added
some fuel to the fire that's been
starting here. Now, there are some
reports saying that Netflix has lost uh
over $15 billion in market value and
their stock is dropping over the last
few days as this story sort of continues
to grow and change and we find more
examples of what's happening with their
programming. And I'm not at all
surprised. I don't know if we're going
to make a big enough dent in this
corporation for them to actually do
anything about this and for them to
start changing their programs. It does
feel like they are completely overrun by
ideologues and we've seen that sort of
shown in so many of the examples in
today's video. We've also seen it uh
with Dave Chappelle and his whole
Netflix special coming out and the
literal employees at Netflix attacking
him for what was featured in his very
own special. So the layers of wokeness
and infiltration in Netflix as a company
goes extremely deep. And if nothing that
I've shown you today proves that, here's
a little chart. Now, this is election
contributions in the year 2024 by the
employees of certain companies. And
we're going to zoom in on Netflix. Now,
mind you, these are supposed to be
separated in bars, a blue bar and a red
bar. Okay? The blue bar being Democrats,
the red bar being Republicans. Now, look
at Netflix. 100% blue. 100%.
Out of employee contributions, 100%
Democrat to the tune of $4.4 million.
So, if you don't think they've succumbed
to uh ideologues, I don't know what to
tell you. The proof is in the pudding.
The proof is in the election
contributions. The proof is in the
content that I've shown you today. The
proof is in the diversity, equity, and
inclusion initiative that they're
pushing. The proof is in the response to
Dave Chappelle. The proof is in going on
Netflix and seeing categories for LGBTQ
plus creators and black creator this and
pride month that, Black History Month
that. The proof is everywhere and all
around you. And we can only continue to
support these corporations so much
because we love our streaming content
and we love for me watching The Walking
Dead right now. So, so that sucks. But
come on now. How many more they them
references do we need in kids
programming before we go maybe we have a
problem here and maybe Netflix is not
the solution and maybe Netflix needs to
get Netflix fixed
and that's the story for today to the
mind gas to the flabber that's uh it's
really all I can say Netflix has a huge
problem on its hands cancel your
subscriptions if you don't support this
and hopefully they they feel it a bit
and maybe they start rethinking what
they're going to do with children's
content maybe make your children's
content children's 's content because I
didn't see a lick of it in this entire
video, but you're claiming that I'm
watching it. Anyways, guys, leave your
thoughts in the comments down below. As
always, if you disagree with anything in
this video, do it out, but do so
respectfully. We encourage healthy
debate on this channel. And if you like
this video, like, subscribe, click the
notification button, notified every
single time I post a video for you guys,
which is every day. And I will see you
guys tomorrow. Bye, guys.