Right now is your final chance to buy
altcoins for cheap before they start to
go parabolic in this cycle. Unlike most
other channels, I have purposely not
made a definitive call like this for the
past 2 years. Even though we have been
bullish on all coins, I have always told
people that you have time just slowly
buy, slowly buy. There are always going
to be dips. However, in Q4 of 2025, I
truly believe you will not get another
chance to buy some of the large cap
altcoins for these cheap valuations if
you miss this final chance. And in
today's video, I will explain exactly
why, and I'll cover my top six reasons.
Okay, let's get right into it. Reason
number one is that October is
historically the most bullish month for
Bitcoin's price. On average, Bitcoin
goes up 21.59%
over the last 10 years in the month of
October. If you count it from October
1st, a 21.59%
gain would bring us all the way to 138K
per Bitcoin. And there's a high chance
for Bitcoin to go up in general because
over the last 10 years, only one year
out of the last 10 has been bearish for
October. The rest of it have all been
green. All coins have historically
appreciated in USD value when Bitcoin
rises. This is just the fact. You could
argue that all coins will go up less
percentage points than Bitcoin as we
will dissect in a bit in Bitcoin
dominance and the altcoin versus Bitcoin
valuations. However, you cannot uh say
that altcoins do not go up in dollar
value when Bitcoin goes up exponentially
over 20% in a month. This time will not
be different. When Bitcoin pumps 20%,
all coins will go up some percentages as
well. Whether that's 10%, 20%, or 30%,
we will see. Reason number two to be
bullish on all coins for October is that
Bitcoin is about to make a new all-time
high, which will bring in a new flood of
interest into crypto in general. If you
observe Bitcoin's last two breaks of new
all-time high this cycle, here's what
you see. So back in November 2024,
Bitcoin broke above 73K and went to
107K. And also in July of this year when
Bitcoin broke above 108K and went to
121K. In these two candle moves, what
happened to the altcoins uh in the
months that Bitcoin was making a new
all-time high. The metric I like to use
here is the total three ES uh data which
is the total crypto market cap excluding
Bitcoin, Ethereum, and stable coins. And
I'm going to overlay the price of
Bitcoin so you can show exactly when
Bitcoin was making new all-time highs.
So back here in November of 2024 when
Bitcoin broke above the all-time high,
look at what happened to all altcoins
excluding Bitcoin, Ethereum, and
Stables. They went on a huge rally and
then even when Bitcoin made this small
break above the previous all-time high
of just about 10% of a new high, look at
what happened to other alts as well.
They also made a pretty significant
rally. There's not much more to say
here. If Bitcoin is rallying to 130K for
the first time in history, why would
anyone be bearish on all coins? I don't
get it. Okay, reason number three and
that is we need to address most analysts
concerns on Bitcoin dominance and the
fact that uh historically Bitcoin
dominance tends to have a rebound and go
up in the month of October. As you see
here, on average Bitcoin dominance
bounces about 5% in the month of October
before they go back down again on
average uh going down 2% in November and
then another 2% in December. Now many
analysts are saying because Bitcoin
dominance tends to rebound in October.
This is why you should not call October
an altcoin season and instead you should
focus on Bitcoin. But they're missing a
big point here which is most people
don't understand that Bitcoin dominance
shows you the outperformance of altcoins
versus Bitcoin. Most people just want to
know will alcoins go up in USD value or
not. And this rebound here doesn't tell
us that. It doesn't tell us that all
coins will go down in USD value. In
fact, it's actually not true. All coins,
no matter which type of data you look
at, will actually go up on average in
October compared to their dollar values.
Take a look at this again. Uh the total
3ES data. This is total market cap of
all coins excluding Bitcoin, Ethereum,
and stable coins. So on average in the
month of October, this does go up 2.8%.
And you'll see down here right after the
October uh sideways muted period uh goes
away after the 2.8% on average in the
month of November and December on
average they go up 20% and 32%. This
doesn't get clear if you are a big fan
of seasonality analysis. It basically
tells you October is the final months
that you can buy altcoins for cheap
before on average they pump a lot more
in November and December. Now I'm going
to overlay the chart of Bitcoin again
and specifically highlight the
performance of altcoins versus Bitcoin
for the month of October, November, and
December just to show you what that
might look like on the charts. So here
we have the red line. That's the price
of Bitcoin again. And I'm going to bring
up uh the highlight of the months of
October before that are highlighted in
gray here. First, let's look at October
2023. This is when Bitcoin pumped from
the bare market lows around 27K and
really start to rally above 30K and then
leading up all the way to 70K by early
2024. You see here on the initial rally
of Bitcoin when it went from 27K to 37K
all coins didn't do much. They went up
uh what is this like 2% the average
value basically very slowly in October
2023 but look at November and December
14% gain on average and it did it uh
managed to pump quite a bit and then 36%
on average gain this was basically
exactly the number for the month of
December. So in the October 2023 rally
chop and then November December big
rallies and then here is October 2024 to
December 2024 as well. So October uh
Bitcoin went up. All coins were chopping
a bit a bit slower about one month
before they started to go parabolic in
November and December it actually
started to chop up. Looking at these two
periods on the market cap of all coins
excluding Bitcoin, Ethereum and stable
coins. Should you have been buying or
selling all coins in the month of
October, right when Bitcoin is about to
break out? You should have been buying,
not selling. Should you? So, that's my
first point here for this month right
here, the month of October. I want to
focus on buying. I don't want to be
bearish on all coins at all. Now some
people will say hey look you're looking
at total three excluding stable coin as
a market cap value compared to dollar
instead of comparing their ratio to
bitcoin. Okay that's fair. Well let's
also look at total 3es BTC. This uh
metric is comparing the market cap of
all the other altcoins compared to the
market cap of bitcoin. So then here
people will point out hey look the month
of October on average uh most altcoins
will underperform Bitcoin by minus4%.
That is true. However I want to give you
the full picture of the entirety of Q4
uh October, November and December from
2023 and 2024. And let's examine what
happened. I'm going to hide the chart of
Bitcoin because you already know uh what
Bitcoin did. Bitcoin pumped in both Q4s
in 2023 and 2024. But let's just look at
total 3 ESBTC. So the total market cap
of most altcoins compared to uh the
market cap of Bitcoin. So in October
2023
uh for the month of October, altcoins
underperformed Bitcoin. But look at what
happened in November and December. So in
November, it went back up to match the
valuation of Bitcoin. And then in de by
the end of December it already surpassed
their previous ratio from the beginning
of October. Uh so it over the quarter
altcoins market cap outperformed
bitcoin. And then again in October to
December 2024
same thing happened in the month of
October. Uh all coins went down compared
to Bitcoin. uh by November it reclaimed
most of those underperformance and then
by the end of December they were up
against Bitcoin. So yes, you are right
for this month all coins may lag behind
Bitcoin but then by the end of November
chances are they should be back up to
the valuation that they are at right now
and then by the end of December they
should be higher valuation compared to
Bitcoin in terms of their ratio. And a
final calculation I want you to do in
your head is this. I'm going to bring
back the chart of Bitcoin here. So
assuming Bitcoin goes up this month uh
by 20%. In its dollar value, even if all
coins go down on average 15% compared to
the valuation of Bitcoin, will your
altcoins be up in dollar value or down?
Well, Bitcoin goes up 20%, altcoins go
down 15% compared to Bitcoin's
valuation. Allcoin compared to dollar
will still be up, wouldn't it? And by
the end of November, just by the last
time that altcoin valuation compared to
Bitcoin uh comes back to the same level
that they are at as today, as long as
Bitcoin's USD value is up, your altcoins
will be up the same amount compared to
dollar. So that's why I don't think it's
wise to say, "Hey, look in October we
want to be bearish on all coins and we
want to be only exclusively bullish on
Bitcoin because historically
in the months of October, November,
December, as long as Bitcoin makes a
rally on average about 20% up in the
month of October and then continuing to
do so in November and December, sure
your altcoins might underperform for one
month, but then they will quickly catch
up to that of Bitcoins. valuation and
then by the end of the year they should
be higher compared to the previous ratio
against bitcoin and because bitcoin
itself is going up a lot all coins
compared to dollar will be up similarly
as well by the end of the year if not
more okay those are my reason number
three and four combined to address uh
many of the analysts opinion on October
and how you should play it based on
altcoin performance versus bitcoin you
want to be bullish for the month of
October, not bearish. Now, reason number
five, let's go back to Bitcoin
dominance. And the point I want to make
here is that Bitcoin dominance is in a
macro downtrend. Look at the weekly
chart of Bitcoin dominance. And I'm
going to bring up the 50week simple
moving average again, which has held as
the support for this entire bare market
and was finally broken by uh August 10th
this year. So because Bitcoin dominance
is in a weekly downtrend with lower
highs and lower lows, okay, it will take
a big rebound on Bitcoin dominance for
us to say, okay, we are not going to
have a bigger altcoin season later on.
So comparing this October and Q4 to 2023
and 2024 is actually uh a bit misleading
as well because the backdrops are
actually different. In 2023,
we had a limited time period for
altcoins to rally. If they didn't rally
by the end of the year here, chances are
Bitcoin dominance was just going to head
higher in this uptrend. And similarly,
in Q4 of 2024, Bitcoin dominance bounced
uh after touching the 50we SMA and then
showed a new higher low and higher high.
So, it was still a macro uptrend on
Bitcoin dominance, which was not a macro
altcoin season. But now because we have
the macro alcoin season confirmed,
what's likely to happen now is that even
if uh Bitcoin dominance plays out like
seasonality says and it goes up 5%. In
the month of October like this, it would
still be below this low uh this high
right here at 62.5%.
So, as long as it doesn't break above
62.5%.
We would still be in a long-term
downtrend on Bitcoin dominance, which
tells us that we will have lows coming
for Bitcoin dominance later on, maybe in
2026. So, because the backdrop is
different, how all coins will react
after October will also be different.
back in 2023 and 2024, if you missed the
rallies in November and December in
altcoins, uh they were over because most
of the altcoin gains were given back to
Bitcoin in uh Q1 of the following year.
But this time around, I don't think the
gains will be given back to Bitcoin by
Q1 because of this downtrend on Bitcoin
dominance continuing. So, even if we
have this bounce on Bitcoin dominance,
uh, by November and December, as long as
we don't get back above 62.5% again on
Bitcoin dominance, it's likely to roll
over and head to new lows, which means
all coins should be able to hold on to
those gains that it made in November and
December and carry on into 2026. So
that's something to think about because
this on the chart is clearly different
for this year compared to these two
previous quarters. You can clearly see
that. I don't need to show you how this
is different because anyone that draws
some random lines on the chart will be
able to see that this is a change in
trend. And that's why how this trend
will behave next is likely to follow the
trend instead of going all the way back
up and bouncing like people expect to
make new highs on Bitcoin dominance and
above 65%. I don't think that will
happen. So that's why uh if you miss
this bounce here on Bitcoin dominance
and this potential last chance to buy
altcoins, you're potentially missing out
on a lot more as all coins should run
for longer this time around compared to
Bitcoin. Okay. Finally, reason number
six that I want to make this video for
everyone and I want to tell everyone
that I am publicly bullish on altcoins
for October is that I think this is the
most practical way to think about
altcoin investing right now. So remember
what is our goal here? Our goal is to
make money. We don't really care to be
right so much as to make money. And most
retail investors when they hear the word
altcoin season, they don't know exactly
what it means. All they want to know is
will altcoins go up in this month or
will they go down in this month. So
rather than distinguishing between
Bitcoin's performance versus altcoins
performance and figuring out an optimal
rotation strategy month after month,
most people should not consider that. I
still remember this post that I made on
my ex uh back in June. This was actually
pretty shocking to me. So, I asked
people, "What percentage of your
portfolio is in Bitcoin? Out of the
7,200 votes, 46% of people hold zero
Bitcoin." That's crazy to me. So, this
tells me most people don't hold Bitcoin
and they don't value uh their portfolio
in terms of their performance against
Bitcoin. They look at their portfol uh
portfolios valuation compared to dollar
only. So, they don't even know if their
portfolio and their altcoins are going
up or down compared to Bitcoin. They
only know if they're going up or down
compared to dollar. And we're getting
the same type of comments on most of
these videos as well. When I tell
people, okay, August and uh September
has been bullish for all coins because
Bitcoin dominance has been going down
and we are in altcoin season by
definition. People don't think so
because people then throw the question
back at me and say, "Hey, look, why
haven't my altcoins gone up 20% yet?"
And my answer there is simply, well,
because Bitcoin has been chopping. Most
people when they hear alcoin season and
when they hear some analysts say altcoin
season, they think, okay, I buy alcoin
now, it goes up in value. So then taking
that information and considering these
are the types of investors, most common
types of investors, what are the best
courses of action for them for the month
of October? It is to tell them that this
month is altcoin season because most
retail investors, they don't hold
Bitcoin. They want to know should I buy
altcoins in October or should I sell all
coins in October? And my answer there is
you should clearly be buying altcoins in
October for all the reason we have
outlined already. If Bitcoin goes up
20%, all coins will go up. Looking at
the seasonality of total three market
cap, excluding Bitcoin, Ethereum, and
stable coins, on average, they do go up.
Whether that's a small chop in October
before they go up more in November and
December, or if they just start to rally
pretty quickly in mid-occtober, we don't
know the exact timing. But this is the
time to be bullish on altcoins, not
bearish. Most retail investors
definition of altcoin season is when
they should buy altcoin and then
altcoins go up in dollar value. And by
that definition of altcoin season,
October is altcoin season. If you buy
altcoins in early October, by the end of
October, they should be up. By November,
they have a much higher percentage to be
up and bes by December they should be
up. So this is the definition of the
best entry for altcoin season. Now, for
the 5% of our viewers who actually know
exactly what they're doing and they're
constantly making rotations between
Bitcoin and altcoins, then yes, there is
a distinction here and there is an
optimal strategy for the month of
October that's different from November
and December. So if you constantly make
rotations in your portfolio between
holding large percentage in Bitcoin and
holding large percentage in altcoins,
then for the month of October, you
should lean heavier towards holding
Bitcoin. And then by the end of October,
you should convert most of those
bitcoins into altcoins to take advantage
of the next rally. But if this sounds
too complicated to you and you've never
done this and especially if you don't
plan on holding Bitcoin anyways because
for some reason your portfolio uh is too
small and you don't think you're going
to get the gains in Bitcoin like 99% of
our viewers, then just buy all coins
instead of chasing this optimal strategy
that you have never done before. You
should just buy all coins now, hold it
for a month and they should be up. I
think that's the best practical advice I
can give to the average retail investor
when they're just trying to make a
decision. Should I buy all coins in
October or not? The answer is I think
most people should be buying here. Okay,
that is it. That's everything I have
prepared for this video. Uh if you like
this content, leave a like, share the
video, uh share it with a friend, and uh
let's see if I'm right by the end of
October. If this call has been correct
by October, November, December, if all
coins will be up in dollar value and
more importantly by the end of the year,
will all coins be up a lot more compared
to Bitcoin? That is my base case. And
that's why personally in my portfolio,
I'm heavily leaning uh in positioning in
altcoins versus Bitcoin right now. I
don't really care about optimal
positioning for this next few weeks in
early October when the goalpost the real
goal here is by the end of the year I
want my portfolio to outperform Bitcoin
by a lot. Okay, if you want more
day-to-day content, make sure to follow
me on X at VirtualBacon0X and definitely
check out our other videos that I have
been uh posting on live streams going
over exactly which altcoins that I have
been buying. So, basically, I've been
focusing on the large uh blue chip
altcoins and the top 10 to top 15s.
These are the best bets. So, make sure
to uh check out all of our live streams
in the past month and I will continue to
do so. And if you want the actual
entries and support and resistance
levels of these trades, you can check
out our trading bots with the first uh
couple links in the description, as well
as a tutorial of how to use these
trading bots and a full dashboard of my
current positions uh that I hold in my
actual trading challenge uh trading
altcoins for this cycle. Okay, that's
it. Thank you guys for watching and I
will see you on the next video and next
live stream. Bye-bye.