In the Eastern Economic Forum, Russia
accused the United States of trying to
devalue its $ 37 trillion of national
debt without informing the American
people. How? By using stable coins,
crypto, and gold. So, if you hold
dollars or stable coins or have a
retirement fund, you want to pay
attention. And to be clear, my goal in
this video was to help clarify what's
happening. That way, you can avoid the
rumors that are going around on the
internet and of course, find better
investment opportunities for you. Let's
start with the foundation. Why does
Russia care that the United States
government has $37 trillion worth of
national debt? Now, your first guess
might be maybe Russia owns a lot of this
debt. There are four main entities that
have lent money to the United States
government that the United States
government owes us money back to. They
are number one, regular people because
people like you and me can lend money to
the United States government. It's
called buying a treasury. Why would
people do that? Because when you lend
money to the United States government,
they're going to pay you back plus
interest. Entity number two are
institutions. There's a lot of large
banks and institutions out there that
will lend and keep their money in
treasuries because it's a way for them
to save their money and also generate
some interest. Number three are foreign
governments and foreign countries. Hm.
Maybe that could be Russia. But before I
talk deeper about that, there's also
number four, which is the central bank,
the Federal Reserve Bank, who if there's
not enough money coming from here, the
Federal Reserve Bank will then print
that money out of thin air and then lend
the money to the United States
government. So maybe Russia is one of
those foreign countries that has lent a
lot of money to the United States
government because at the time of me
recording this video, foreign countries
have lent about $9 trillion to the
United States government. Well, turns
out that's not the case. The largest
foreign lenders to the United States
government are Japan, the United Kingdom
and China. And Russia has become
significantly reducing their level of
United States debt after the United
States began ramping up sanctions on
Russia back in 2018. Which brings us
back to the original question. Why is
Russia concerned about the United States
government's $ 37 trillion of debt?
Especially if they don't really have a
vested interest in that debt if they
don't actually own that debt. This is
where we can only speculate, but maybe
it has something to do with undermining
the United States dollar dominance.
Remember, the United States dollar is
the world's reserve currency, which
means the world's trade is happening
through the United States dollar. And if
there can be more distrust with the
dollar, it's easier for more countries
to want to move away from the United
States dollar. So it seems more likely
that the reason why Russia would want to
say this is as a way to want to distance
themselves and other countries from the
United States dollar. But now that we
understand the why, let's understand
what Russia exactly said. Read this.
According to Putin's adviser, the United
States plans to solve its financial
problems at the world's expense. This
time of pushing everyone into the quote
crypto cloud. Now, this is where things
get really interesting, but also a
little complex. So, I'm going to break
this down into three parts. Number one
is this means now tokenizing the United
States debt. I'll explain what that
means in just a minute. Then, number
two, working to devalue or reset our
national debt. Again, I'll explain what
that means. And then, number three,
start over at the expense of all the
debt holders. So, let me break this down
one by one. And this is where I also
want to remind you that for those of you
that are investors or want to become
investors, I put together a brand new
free investing master class where I'll
walk you through how you can get started
as an investor and find hidden
investment opportunities before
everybody else. I'll show you the exact
system and framework that my firm uses
to research investment opportunities
before they hit the headlines. So,
there's a lot of value in this master
class. It's completely free. And when
you register for the master class,
you're also going to get access to
market briefs, which is my newsletter
for investors, all for free,
complimentary at no cost. So, if you
want to get the investing master class
and market briefs all for free, all you
have to do is click the link down in the
description below to register. So, let's
start with what it means to tokenize the
debt. And this is where Putin's advisor
says that the United States is now
trying to rewrite the rules of the gold
and cryptocurrency markets. So, let's
break this down. If you wanted to lend
money to the United States government
today, you can do that by going to the
Treasury Direct website. The only
problem with that is there are
limitations because not everybody in the
world can access this United States
debt. It is more difficult to do. takes
more time and there's more fees
associated with that. And this is where
tokenizing the United States debt would
mean taking the United States debt and
putting it on the blockchain. That way
it's as easy as buying a stable coin to
actually lend money to the United States
government. So that would mean taking
the United States debt, making it into a
digital asset. That way anybody can buy
it and sell it on the blockchain. Now,
if you've never bought anything on the
blockchain before, you might say that's
very difficult because I've never done
it before. But think of it kind of like
buying a stock. If you open up a
brokerage, then you can just deposit
money and buy it with a click of a
button. So, it's simple if you know how
to do it. And this step one of
tokenizing the United States national
debt is already kind of happening. Some
of the major Wall Street banks like
Wisdom Tree and Franklin Templeton have
already created tokenized funds that
give you exposure to United States
Treasuries. And even the Federal Reserve
Bank has begun addressing this point
because the Kansas City Fed wrote an
article about the concept of tokenizing
the United States Treasury. Now, there's
four main benefits that you want to pay
attention to when it comes to tokenizing
the debt. Number one would be liquidity
because if it is on the blockchain, that
means you can buy and sell this treasury
with a click of a button and you can buy
fractional shares of the treasury
because it'll be more accessible. Number
two is the global reach because if it's
on the blockchain, that means you could
have somebody in Kenya buying this
treasury. You could have somebody in
Mexico buying these treasuries and it
opens up the reach for more people,
regular people around the world to lend
their money to the United States
government. Number three, it would make
lending your money to the United States
government much faster because in the
traditional process, it can take days
for your money to actually transfer and
be settled with the United States
government. Here, it would happen in a
matter of seconds. And number four, and
the most important that I want you to
pay attention to is the controlling and
programming of rules. When you have an
asset that's trading on certain
blockchains, that means you have the
ability to control the rules. For
example, you can build an auto payment
feature. So, if the United States
government wanted to create an
autopayment feature to make sure you get
paid your interest at a certain time,
that can be done. But pay attention to
this when we talk about number two. So,
when it comes to tokenizing our United
States national debt, all that
essentially means is making it more
accessible for people to lend money to
the United States government at a faster
rate by putting this national debt on
the blockchain. And that also creates
the programmability function of the
United States debt because now the
United States government can create
features that will automate or create
controls around what happens with the
national debt more automatically. This
brings us to number two. How would the
United States government then use this
to devalue or reset the debt? And this
is where Russia says that the United
States government is going to use this
as a way to reset the debt or devalue
the dollar. So, if the United States
debt gets tokenized, that means there's
more widespread exposure to the United
States dollar because now people around
the world can lend money much easier to
the United States government and start
generating some interest on their
savings. And this is where Russia says
that the United States government can
then change the rules on the blockchain
for the United States debt. Now, we
don't know exactly what that would mean
because this is not happening right now.
But what they're alleging is maybe the
United States government says you went
out and lent your money to a 10-year
Treasury, meaning you're lending your
money to the United States government
for 10 years, and then they extend the
maturity date. So, instead of being a
10-year loan, now it's a 12-year loan
because, well, they changed the rules
through the blockchain, and it's not
through the traditional custodial
program that you have to go through when
you buy it on Treasury Direct. Or maybe
what happens is the United States
government then uses this blockchain as
a form of control because if you are not
in the United States or in some country
that is not getting along with the
United States, they cap the ability for
you to actually sell your treasuries
because well you might be able to do
that on the blockchain because you can
set those types of rules in the
blockchain. So if you own those
treasuries in a foreign country that now
has issues with the United States, you
might have problems trying to get your
money out. Or maybe what the United
States government could do is they
devalue the value of your tokens.
Imagine you buy $1 of a digital treasury
and you're generating interest on that
$1. And then because of a new government
policy, that dollar is not worth a
dollar. It's now worth 90. Why? Because
it's a way to essentially reduce the
value of the national debt by saying,
well, it's only going to be worth 90% of
what it was before. This would be a form
of currency manipulation, or in this
case, a currency reset. And we've seen
this happen in the past multiple times,
but not with blockchain. We've seen it
happen with inflation. A lot of people
assume that inflation just means the
prices of things going up, which is not
necessarily wrong, but that's actually
the byproduct of inflation actually is.
Inflation comes from the word inflate.
And what are you inflating when
inflation happens? You're inflating the
monetary supply, meaning you were
increasing the amount of dollars out
there. Well, how does that happen? Let's
go back to what I talked about in the
beginning of this video. The Federal
Reserve Bank is the central bank of the
United States. Now, what I didn't say is
that the Federal Reserve Bank is
actually not a bank because you and I
can't go there to deposit money. It's
not a reserve because they're not
sitting on any cash reserves and they're
not actually federal, which it says so
on their website. They're not a part of
the federal government. So, if they're
not a reserve and they lend money to the
United States government, how do they
actually get that money? Well, they
print this money out of thin air. So
when the Federal Reserve Bank creates
this money out of thin air and they lend
it to the United States government, that
is what inflation is. You're creating
more currency which causes the value of
each individual dollar to go down which
then causes the prices of things to go
up. Why does this matter? Because the
United States government uses this
inflation to reduce the value of this
debt. Now, if you've ever talked to your
parents or grandparents about how the
prices of things were when they were
growing up, you probably heard that 50
years ago, you could buy a Snickers bar
for a nickel or or something along those
lines. Today, that same Snickers bar is
going to cost you, I don't know, $1.50,
$2, I don't know how much it costs, but
it costs a lot more. So, when that
happens, when you have inflation, the
real value of the national debt goes
down. So for inflation, for the regular
person, inflation is bad because that
means you have to pay more money to buy
your Snickers, bars, or your guacamole
or whatever it is you want to buy. It
costs you more dollars. But for the
United States government, inflation is
good because you can inflate away the
value of this debt because now you're
paying back this $37 trillion of debt
with cheaper dollars. Think of it this
way. Let's assume that you bought a
house 30 years ago for half a million
dollars. How much is the half a million
dollar house going to cost you today?
probably a whole lot more assuming you
bought it in a good area. But not just
that, if you bought that half a million
dollar house 30 years ago in 1995
and you got a $400,000 mortgage, well,
that $400,000 mortgage was a lot more
expensive back in 1995 than it is in
2025. Because $400,000 was worth a whole
lot more money in 1995 than it was in
2025. Why? Because of inflation. That's
why the United States government likes
inflation because that makes the value
of this debt even less. And this is
where we have seen these types of
devaluations happening in the past, but
it never happened so explicitly with the
blockchain. In the past, what would
happen is we would see money printing,
which would then devalue the value of
this national debt, and the average
person wouldn't notice. With the
blockchain, if the United States
government were to reduce the value of
your coin by 10%, well, then everybody
notices it immediately and now you feel
the immediate effects of that because
the value of your savings now have less
value. And that's where Russia says it
gives the United States government the
ability to start over because if they
then tokenize all $37 trillion of this
national debt and now people have more
access to it. Number one, you have more
global exposure to this national debt.
And then number two, what the United
States government could do
hypothetically is they could say that
your dollars, your treasuries are now
worth 20% less, which means effectively
they have now $30 trillion of national
debt instead of $37 trillion because
they're devaluing the currency by
devaluing that token value for you. Now
again, numbers two and three have not
happened yet. We're starting to see more
moves for the United States to
potentially tokenize their debt. And
what Russia is saying is that if that
happens, you can worry about number two
and number three. And you have to also
understand that Russia has an incentive
to say this because they want to fuel
some more distrust with the United
States and particularly the United
States dollar because that would devalue
the United States dollar and create more
distrust with other foreign countries.
So you want to keep that in mind. But
you should also understand on the flip
side that we have seen things like this
happen in the past. For example, in 1971
we saw a big shift with our money. In
1971, President Richard Nixon took the
United States dollar off of the gold
standard because before that, our
currency, our dollars were backed by
precious metals like physical gold.
After 1971, President Richard Nixon took
the dollar off of the gold standard,
which allowed the Federal Reserve Bank
to essentially print an infinite amount
of money. And the reason why he did that
is because the United States government
owed a lot of money and they couldn't
pay back their bills. And so in order
for the United States government to pay
back their bills, they would need more
wealth. In that case, more physical
gold. And so what Richard Nixon said is
if we sever the tie between the United
States dollar and gold, we can now print
an unlimited amount of money and pay
back all of our bills. And that's what
they did. So we saw that happen in 1971.
It changed the value of the dollar. The
consequence was inflation. We also saw
something similar happen in 1933. In
1933, remember the Great Depression was
happening and the United States
government was under a lot of financial
pressure. So what did they do? They made
it illegal for American citizens to own
gold. And if you owned gold, you had to
give it to the United States government
and you had to sell it to the government
at a price that they picked. So if you
own gold, you were now a criminal. And
so you had to give that gold to the
United States government, which again
was a big change for our dollars and our
money. What are we going to see happen
in 2026 and beyond? Well, only time will
tell. But the reason why I want you to
understand this is not so you can fall
into the hype and emotion of everything
going on on the news and the internet is
I want you to be a more financially
savvy investor. Understand how things
have played out in history. That way you
don't panic but also understand the
opportunities because the reality is
changes are going to happen. And anytime
you see changes happen, it creates
opportunity for the financially savvy.
And that means understanding how to
invest your money strategically,
building your financial knowledge,
building your investor knowledge instead
of getting all emotional because
unfortunately a lot of people turn this
news into just propaganda. I want you to
be a financially savvy investor. That
way you can
take a deep breath and find the
opportunity because everything creates
opportunity. What every smart investor
wants to know is where is the money
moving because that's where the
opportunity can be as well. Again, I
have a free investing master class that
you can watch. I have that link for you
down in the description. And if you got
value out of this video, the best thank
you is a referral. So, if you could
please share this video with a friend, a
family member, a colleague, or a fellow
investor. That way, we can continue to
spread the word. The United States
government owes more than $37 trillion.
That means your tax dollars are being
used to pay interest on all that debt.
And this is where President Trump has
been proposing a new plan to help pay
off this debt involving gold and
involving crypto. And most people have
no idea of how this plan works or the
implication of this new plan on your