You won't believe what the judge just
ruled.
>> Hi and welcome to Flossom Talk. I'm Sash
Flor, journalist, Hollywood truth teller
and your voice of reason in a town built
on delusion. This is getting so juicy. I
mean, I'm still in shock about what just
happened. So, the judge just ruled in
our favor. He listened to the what the
public was demanding and he said Blake
Lively's team has to release the
recording that was a missing from the
docket. You won't believe all this drama
you guys. Anyways, we're going to talk
about that obviously. And I also wanted
to point out something I said about
Kiano Reeves and his relationship
yesterday. A lot of people reacted to
it, so I'm going to make some things
clear. Also, I watched Victoria
Beckham's new documentary.
Uh, what was that? There's also rumors
that Katie Perry staged the PDA on the
yacht with the ex Canananadian prime
minister. This is crazy. Anyways, let's
jump right into this crazy recording
bonanza. So, if you haven't followed
this very closely, I'm just going to go
quickly through what this is about. So,
a nonparty in this whole case recorded
Steve Sarowitz, who is one of the
founders of the Wayfair party. That
conversation had nothing to do with this
lawsuit or it ends with us. The
recording was used by Blake Lively's
team so they could cherrypick a few of
his quotes. Then they use that as
evidence in Blake's filing when she
asked to get her attorney's fees cover
and triple damages and whatever. She's
asking for a lot of money and they use
this as evidence which in the first
place is really ridiculous because this
person had nothing to do with it and
it's with us. So this whole evidence is
just like it's it's a no-go. After they
cherrypicked parts of this recording to
put Steve Sarowitz and the Wayfair
parties in a bad light, Steve Sarowitz
himself asked for this whole entire
recording to be public because he said
that some things or these things were
taken out of context. He wants
transparency. Blake Ly team obviously
didn't want that and they wanted to
protect their source. That was their
excuse for not giving the public access
to this recording. Last week, the judge
ruled that all of this should be in
unsealed. So, we now know the identity
of the person who recorded him and we
know that this project had nothing to do
with it ends with us. And then we were
all waiting for this recording to become
public and people were looking at the
dockets in the court docket to see where
is this recording and people even went
there physically to try to get hold of
this recording and then they realized
there is no recording filed. This
evidence was never filed, not even a
transcript, nothing. So for all we know,
at this point, this recording never took
place. And because of all this public
pressure on the judge and on this court,
Judge Lyman now ruled amazing that Blake
Lively's team has to release this
recording. So this is so incredibly
embarrassing for them. First of all, we
now know that they were just gambling.
They were just gambling by not even
filing this evidence. So, we don't even
know if they actually have any
recording. And secondly, now they have
to actually release this to the public.
And of course, we know the reason why
they don't want to release this because
it's obvious that it puts clear who
recorded it probably in a bad light if
you ask me. She's probably saying a lot
of things that she doesn't want to
become public. And I'm sure that Blake's
team when they asked her to use this
recording, if it exists, that they said,
"We will protect you. We will file this
under seal. Your identity will never
come out and we will just use this part
of it." And she probably agreed to that.
I'm sure she wouldn't agree if she knew
that everything would become public. her
whole conversation with Steve Sarowitz
who's a part of Wayfair Parties who
funded her movie and made that happen.
It looks so terrible for her all of
this. And the thing is even if she felt
like she said that well Dhoni was
verbally abusive to her on the set, why
would she go against Steve Sarowitz?
Because it's Steve Sarowit's reputation
she's actually going after here. Even
though she doesn't like Baldon, she's
really hurting Sarowitz. And as far as
we know, she doesn't even talk about her
bad experience with Baldoni in that
recording because if she did, they
obviously would have used that. Anyways,
back to the judge today. He wrote this.
He said, "The court has received
inquiries from the public regarding
exhibit one to plaintiff Blake Lively's
motion for fees and damages under under
California civil code section 47.1,
which the court previously ordered
unsealed.
The court has been informed that the
exhibit cannot be filed on the public
docket as the electronic case filing
system does not support audio files. The
court therefore request the party's
assistance in publicly releasing the
files. The parties are directed to file
a joint letter by October 17th uh
updating the court with respect to those
efforts.
So, first of all, I think it's really
strange that you can't actually file a
recording onto the docket. If you have
evidence of recording a video, you can't
upload it. That's really strange to me.
But anyways, they could have uploaded a
transcript at least, but they didn't
even do that. So, it was empty. There
was no evidence there. So, what does
this actually mean now? Can they just
withdraw the whole thing? Can they just
withdraw this evidence and say, "Oh, we
didn't mean it anyways." If they do
that, they have to withdraw her whole
motion and it's still going to be there.
So, it's still going to look bad on
them. So, they actually have to release
this to the public. I don't know if they
thought that they didn't never have to
prove this, but I think what they did
here was weigh up the PR value of this
because that quote was everywhere and of
course it put the Wayfair parties in a
bad light and that was the most
important thing for them. So that was
more important for them than to actually
prove this in court later on because all
of this is about public perception. We
have to remember that they used this
just to stare the headlines which they
did and they thought, "Oh, we'll deal
with that later. People are not going to
be that interested in the actual
recording. What's interesting here is
the one that little part that we
cherrypicked to fit our narrative and
the media ate it up." It's quite
interesting. I remember I listened to an
attorney talk about this because
everyone was like, "Judge Lyman is so
biased. He's only ruling in Blake
Lively's favor all the time." And this
attorney said, I don't remember which
one it was, but the attorney said that
Judge Lyman is now ruling as much as he
can in her favor. So she he's giving her
he's allowing her to prove her case
because especially after me too it's
important for judges to give this extra
room for a victim to prove her case and
that also makes it difficult for her to
appeal to second circuit because then
they have to prove that his ruling was
wrong and it was something wrong. But if
he gave them all these opportunities to
prove that she has a case, then he knows
that he did everything in his power to
help her prove her case. And now we see
him ruling over and over again in favor
of Baldoni for him and his team to show
their evidence. And the fact that he
ordered this to be unsealed, I don't
think they were ever counting on that to
happen. And now that he's saying that
they need to release this audio, I just
think it's amazing. There's so much
irony here, especially after the other
day when Blake's team came out and
responded to Justin Baldon's ex agent at
WME who had said in his deposition that
Blake was using extortion method. She
was extorting Sony and the Wayfair party
and they came out and defended that and
say that oh that was that quote was
taken out of context. It was
cherrypicked and now everything that
they do is cherrypicking. is just so
funny to me. I wonder if any of these
attorneys believe anything that they say
at this point. And you know, the media
did pick up this other witness uh back
when they revealed this and made
headlines that there is another victim
who's willing to testify. She would
never be allowed to testify, by the way,
because she has nothing to do with this.
But TMZ reported on that saying that she
was willing to testify, which I think is
weird because we know that Harvey, the
big boss of TMZ, is an attorney himself.
So, he knows these things. she would
never be allowed to testify in this
case, but it made headlines, which was
what they wanted. There are more victims
out there from Baldoni. And this is what
we see over and over again now. Their
desperation to try and shape a narrative
that doesn't exist, and they're just
planting things in the media to favor
Blake, and it's all about to crumble.
One of you guys said this in the comment
section. Actually, I didn't even know
this, saying that Blake's legal team
responded to TMZ's reporting and they
made sure to add that Greenberg,
Justin Baldon's ex agent, was dropped by
WME, making him sound like some
disgruntled employee, but he was still a
WME employee when he made that Blake
extortion claim. Ary Emanuel made sure
to fire Greenberg like he got rid of
Baldoni. I don't know if he got fired
here, but I did see in the response from
Blake Lively's team here in TMZ in that
article, they did say that the court
already dismissed their so-called taking
over a movie claim and this cherrypicked
deposition quote from from Baldon's
prior agent before he was dropped from
WME
adds nothing new. I I don't know why I
missed that or if they added it
afterwards, but that's so interesting.
They're just saying that it's that
person that something wrong with. Of
course, he's he got fired, which I just
think says everything I need to know
about WME. They just fire everyone who's
telling the truth because money talks
and they want to be on the right side
here of whomever is giving them the most
amount of money, which is Ryan Reynolds
and Blake Lively. I don't know where
Greenberg is now, but I'm so happy on
his behalf that he actually had the guts
to tell the truth. Kudos to him. There's
so it's so rare that you see people like
that in this industry. So, the fact that
he actually did that was just amazing.
Okay, so I need to address this Kiana
Reeves situation from yesterday because
I know a lot of people got upset. They
were like, "Don't say anything bad about
Kiana Reeves." So, I was referring to
the kiss between him and his girlfriend
on the red carpet, and I said it was
awkward. I do think it is awkward, but
so many people don't feel comfortable
kissing on a red carpet. And I do see
that, and I just want to say that I love
Keanu Reeves. I've interviewed him many
times. He's such a sweetheart. He's so
genuine. He's so humbled. He's a rare
gem in Hollywood. And I think also
that's why a lot of people defend him as
soon as they're anything anyone talking
about can reads. I will always protect
him. Like you guys will always protect
him. I feel like he needs someone in his
life that protects him. I feel like he's
this vulnerable soul that one of the few
that didn't get eaten up by Hollywood.
He's not been affected by his fame and
his success. And he's just the same
regular guy who takes the subway in New
York. And that's also why so many people
adore him. And what I really want for
Keano is to be happy. He really deserves
to be happy and I really hope that she
makes him happy. But that being said, it
did look awkward with the two of them on
the red carpet and I think some of you
pointed out that he feels really
uncomfortable with PDA and he's talked
about it before and I saw this other
clip that went viral with her trying to
give him a kiss and he's just like so
maybe they just shouldn't kiss on the
red carpet. I don't know because it does
look a little weird. And also someone
pointed out that I said that it looked
like she was mothering him and just
because they're the kind of the same
age. He's actually eight years older
than her and saying that because she has
gray hair. That is ridiculous. I
wouldn't say anything about a woman that
ages naturally as I talked about so many
times here on my channel. I applaud that
and I applaud that she's doing that as
well. It's just their body language that
I was looking at. Nothing else. So, I
truly hope that they're very happy
together. And I remember my very first
interview with Keano. We spoke about
love. So, I wanted to show you that clip
because he's so cute in this clip and
he's so uncomfortable, but he's so
charming. So, yeah. Anyways, here it is.
>> Do you think people were more romantic
back in the days than we are today?
Um, that's a that's a in the past. I
mean, there's certainly very rich
traditions of romantic love. Um, and uh,
you know, I don't are we in a romantic
time?
I don't know. There's it's certainly
um, you know, I think romance might go
out of fashion, but it doesn't go out of
flavor. Uh, yeah.
No, I think you know we'll always be in
love with love.
>> But in terms of its articulation, yeah,
we don't have any romantic trouidors
anymore, but there's certainly a lot of
love songs out there.
>> There are.
>> So, so yes, I just wanted to share that
I do have a lot of love for Kiana
Reeves. Anyways, yesterday I watched the
Victoria Beckham documentary. I don't
know if you've seen it yet. It's on
Netflix. I was super excited about it
and I was like, "Oh, I want to see
what's, you know, the secrets in their
personal lives." And I watched the
documentary with that David had out a
few years ago. Was it last year maybe or
two years ago? But I have to say this
documentary
taught me nothing about Victoria
Beckham. It was three It's three
episodes and it's like one hour episodes
and it's so curated and so perfected in
any way. It doesn't scratch anything. uh
from the surface which I thought was so
disappointing. It's really a documentary
about how she struggled to get accepted
in the fashion industry. So if you keep
that in mind then maybe if you have a
special interest in the fashion industry
that you will enjoy this. But to me I
don't know if I was expecting too much
but I wish I would have learned a few
new things about Victoria Beckham and I
didn't. I guess that's kind of the
problem sometimes when you are doing a
documentary about yourself that someone
else isn't doing it about you because
then it might not be that honest. I was
expecting maybe someone from the Spice
Girls talking about her. None of those
were none of them were there. There was
nothing about Brooklyn and the conflict
that she and David had with with their
son with the eldest son. There was
nothing about David and his career and
the rumors that he had another woman.
all these things, you know, that we've
read about that we wanted her to talk
about, or at least I wanted her to talk
about it. So, anyways, if you watched
it, let me know what you think. I think
that Victoria Beckham is a much more
interesting woman that we see her to be
in this documentary. And if I'm going to
compare it to Charlie Sheen, the thing
is Charlie Sheen is such a crazy figure
to me. And I remember, of course, all
the scandals surrounding him. He was
like a nutcase. But then when I watch
this documentary about him, I kind of
fell in love with Charlie Sheen and I've
seen a lot of interviews with him lately
and I'm like, I do like Charlie Sheen. I
never thought I would say that, but he
was so honest in this documentary. He
really shared every little aspects of
his inner thoughts and all his crazy
mistakes and everyone, you know, that he
hurt in his life. And I just love when
people are honest. That's my thing. I
love authenticity. I love when people
are honest because I think that's so
relatable. And that's also, like I said,
that's why I kind of fell in love with
Charlie Sheen after I watched that
documentary. It's really hard not to
like him even though he messed up and is
so self-destructive,
but you just can't help yourself. I
don't know. Let me know what you think.
And then there's an exclusive story here
you guys from Rob Shooter who says that
Justin Trudeau's friends think Katie
Perry staged those yacht kiss photos. So
if you missed that, Katy Perry is now
dating the ex prime minister of Canada.
And there were pictures of them a couple
of days ago on this yacht over here in
Santa Barbara when they were kissing.
And now Justin's inner circle isn't
buying those perfectly lit photos of him
kissing Katy Perry on that yacht. Some
are convinced the pop star orchestrated
the moment herself. I would not be
surprised if that's the case because
these things happens all the time. Big
celebrities, small celebrities, they
call the paparazzi to take their photos.
One source said, "Come on, it's too
perfect." a tourist with a telephoto
lens just happened to drift by off Santa
Barbara at sunset, please. And the
source here said that Katie understands
image better than anyone. That yacht was
her stage. She knew what she was doing.
I kind of agree with the fact that they
were placed themselves on top of this
boat and he was there with jeans and no
shirt on grabbing her. I don't know. It
might look a little staged. Anyways,
Paris friends here, I don't know, he
knows Paris friends too, insist the
shots were unplanned, but Trudeau's cap
isn't in convinced. Justin thought it
was private. One insider says he's not
into performative romance.
Then he shouldn't date Katy Perry.
That's my advice for the ex-p prime
minister of Canada. It says here, a
Hollywood PR veteran offers another
take. Katie doesn't fake love. She
frames it. She knows how to make a
moment work. That kiss wasn't scandal,
it was strategy.
Anyways, that's it for you guys. I hope
you enjoy this episode and if you
haven't subscribed yet, please do and
hit the notification bell so you don't
miss an episode of Flossom Talk. And
I'll see you tomorrow. Bye.