This demonstration is going to reveal to
you just why the pros look so effortless
when they swim the golf club and they
create so much speed yet you often feel
like you're putting so much effort in
and don't quite get the same results.
So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to
move the grip towards the golf ball and
then I'm going to move the grip towards
me. What you're going to see is that
he's going to kick the club head out and
create speed so I can hit that ball. So,
I'm going to move the grip towards the
ball and then I'm going to curve it back
towards me and just watch what happens.
So the club head got kicked out. It got
accelerated naturally. It made contact
with the ball. That felt effortless. My
contact point was the grip. My focus was
on the grip. My focus was never on the
club head. Now if I do that again, pop
another golf ball down there. What so
many of you will be doing in your golf
swing is thinking about the club head.
And when we think about the club head
and we try and force the club head out
to the ball, look what it does to the
grip. It actually forces it the opposite
way. So, we start to get movements which
feel like they're a lot more effort and
look where the handle is. It's back.
What I'm going to teach you in this
video is how you can focus on the grip
of the golf club to give you better
impacts and effortless speed through
impact. How does that work? Well, think
about this analogy. Imagine you are in a
speedbo. I'm sure you do it all the
time. There's a bit of rope behind you
and there's your friend in a dingy and
that dingy is just obviously following
behind the speed. How do you create more
speed in the dingy to fling them out?
Well, what you're doing, you're driving
that speed, but you sharply turn in one
direction. What that does is it kicks
the dinghy more out with speed. That's
essentially what we're doing in the golf
swing. So, as we start to move that
little demonstration into sort of golf
posture, try this little demonstration.
You're going to take the golf club and
you're literally going to hold it
between your index finger and your thumb
right at the top of the grip and then
your index finger and your thumb kind of
halfway down the grip. Get yourself into
posture. I've just got a mid eye here
and I'm just going to put myself here
where the weight of the club is above my
hands. Now, from here, what I'm going to
do is I'm going to focus not on the club
head, but on this end, and I'm going to
make this have a curved shape to it. So,
I'm going to move this grip down towards
the golf ball, towards the target, and
then I'm going to move it back up in
towards my body. I'm putting a curve in
the grip end of the golf club. And what
you will feel very naturally
is that movement of the grip kicks the
club head out with speed without you
having to manually do it. And I feel the
club have speed. And that's not 120 mph.
I'm doing it very slow. But I feel the
club head kicking out. So let's do that
again. So we here we put a little curve
in it and we pull it back up and the
club head releases through. Now, let's
look at how that relates to impact and
why thinking the club head is actually
going to be harming your impact and your
speed. Same thing, same grip. Put the
club into this position here. And what
I'm going to make sure now is that grip
is moving in the same direction. We're
going to support that with a little bit
of body turn. A little bit of body
shift, little bit of body turn to
support the movement of the grip. And as
we start to do that, we start to create
a fair bit of speed in the club head.
Effortless. That's two fingers.
Remember, I've hardly got any contact
with the club. And if I do they get that
again and pause at impact,
what have we got? Shaft is lent forward.
That's perfect for irons. We've got good
s body rotation and arm structure is
excellent. And this is going to be
completely eye opening for you because
this is what so many golfers do in the
golf swing in an attempt to create speed
and power in the club head. Their focus
goes too much on the club head. Now what
we know is that whatever you do to the
club head, there's going to be opposite
reaction. If you focus on the grip, the
opposite reaction is in the club head.
If you focus on the club head, the
opposite reaction is in the grip. So,
try this. I'm going to take your normal
grip this time, and you're going to put
the club into the same sort of position
here. But this time, I want your focus
to be on the club head. Feel the weight
of the club. Sense where that weight is.
And using your hands and arms, I want
you to put as much speed into that club
head as you can early. This is what lots
of golfers do. They force the club head
early into the golf ball. What is going
to happen very naturally
is you're going to get something like
this. Look where those hands are.
Because what we know is as the club head
gets forced down, if I do it in this
way, the grip is moving in the opposite
direction. It's very, very hard, almost
impossible to get the grip forwards if
the speed is in the club at early.
Because as the speed is in the club at
early, it naturally moves the grip in
the opposite direction. It's actually
forcing my hands further away from where
I want them to be. So, the more I force
the club head down, the harder it's
going to be for me to get my hands
forwards. There's two things happening
here. Number one, I can't get that
impact that the pros get. I can't get
the handle forwards. I can't get the low
point forwards. I can't get the
compression. That's really detrimental
to ball striking. And secondly, that
feels like a lot more effort. I feel
like I'm having to use a lot more energy
and it's really compromising
my impact. Now again, let's go back to
our two-finger drill. Set the club,
focus on the grip. That is completely
different. That feels absolutely
effortless. And look at the impact I'm
able to get. So, we want to start to
build this into a golf swing now. And
I've got a little kind of next draw that
I'd like you to do. And then towards the
end of the video, I'm going to show you
a little trick on how you can use what
we've learned today to help you if
you're someone who's looking to draw
your irions or reduce them kind of left
to right or slice from your game. You
can see I've placed the tea in the
ground here pretty high, almost at kind
of driver height. I want to take my
standard grip now, but I want to now put
myself in that same position where we
had the weight of the club above the
hands. I want to be moving the grip
down, curving it around and pulling it
back into me and just having the
sensation of the club head accelerating
and essentially just clipping that tee.
Now, if you're at a drive range, you can
use one of the rubber T's and it will
obviously stay there. With any luck,
this tea will go forwards and out the
ground. But it's really a case of
keeping the grip pressure light and
focusing on the grip end of the club,
not the club head. So, I'm going to have
a couple rehearsals. I'm going to curve
it and pull it. I'm going to curve it
and pull it. And then we go through. I
clipped the didn't come out the ground,
but let's try that again. That was
ideal. I really felt that club head
accelerating out.
And if you do that correctly, you're
going to get those sensations that I
really want you to feel. the weight of
the club reacting to what you're doing
to the grip. This is the key message in
this video. So many golfers, and you'll
be guilty of this, and you might know
someone who's guilty of this, you know,
from the top, there's so much effort or
so much focus on the club head, they're
trying to get the speed into the club
head when really the focus should be on
the grip. Now, the next stage after
that, before we go through that little
kind of draw technique, is just to put a
ball on a tea and go ahead and do the
same thing. The beauty with what we're
doing is this movement. And you'll have
felt this when you did these little two
this little drill where we had the the
finger and the thumb and the club is
that naturally the club is going to
release and square up to the target
because it's natural forces. So when
I've got the ball on the tea, I'm simply
going to start in this position. Again,
this is always where we start from to
get the weight of the club above our
hands. Arc the grip down, back, and up.
You can see how the golf ball will just
get collected by the club because of the
forces that I'm putting through the
handle. Now, when you start to scale it
up and you want more speed, let's say
you're looking at full swings or driver,
obviously we want more speed, but that
more speed that we require
goes through the grip of the club. It
ends up in the club head, but it goes
through the grip. Think of it logically.
Your only contact point is to the club.
So whatever we want the club head to do
has to be something that we do via the
grip. So important we understand that
what we do, the input that we have into
the grip is going to directly affect
what the club head does. Now we spoke a
little bit about a draw movement.
Let me put that ball in a tea and I want
to do this little demonstration again,
but when you're looking at it from down
the line, I'm going to make this
slightly more exaggerated. Again, we're
going to go index finger and thumb.
When I get to this position here, the
club head is behind my hands as you look
at it. Now, relative to the golf ball
and relative to me, where does this grip
end of the club go? It starts to go back
towards me. It's not going towards the
golf ball. It's coming towards me. This
is that first little exercise we did.
When it comes back towards me, it kicks
the club head out towards the golf ball.
If I put the club in this position, I
move the grip out towards the ball,
it would have the opposite effect. It
would move the club in towards me. So,
when I want to hit a draw, where do we
need the club head traveling relative to
the target? Well, the club head has to
be traveling to the right of the target.
Has to be. That's how we hit a draw.
However, the grip of the club should be
moving
left of target. And you can see that
there. If the grip is moving left, the
club head is moving right, that kicks
the club out. And as already said, it
starts to square it up naturally. Now,
so many golfers when I coach them and
they're trying to hit a draw, they are
trying to force everything out to the
right hand side. If the grip is going
out to the right hand side, we're not
tapping into those natural forces. And
when the grip starts to move out to the
right, what is the face doing? It's
being left open. And again, I'd love you
to try this. you know, put yourself in a
position here and force the grip out to
the right. So, you'll feel the face will
stay way open and it will lack speed.
And when that happens, what do we do? We
start to get involved with our hands and
it starts to feel like we're
manipulating the club and it starts to
feel like a draw is hard work, really
inconsistent because it's done by you.
When we start to hit shots the correct
way,
we get from face on, we get the grip
arcing in this fashion. And when we look
from down the line, we get the grip
moving from closer to the ball to in
towards the body. The grip is moving
left as the club head is moving right.