In a world that's rapidly changing and
because of AI and all the technologies
we have and the dynamism in the world,
so many things are changing and they're
changing so rapidly. So if you think
long term, it forces you to think what
are the points of stability? What is not
going to change? And one of the things
that changes very slowly is customer
needs. And so you can build a strategy
around customer needs that will have
durability. It will be a durable in
time. So an example uh Amazon
is that customers like fast deliveries.
And so you could you'd be you would
never expect to 10 years from now it
would be impossible to imagine a
customer saying I love Amazon. I just
wish you delivered a little more slowly.
Or I love Amazon. I just wish your
prices were a little higher or and at
Blue Origin, I love your uh rockets, but
I just wish they were a little less
reliable or and so you can these ideas,
these big ideas that are customerbased.
They start with the customer. It's an
idea that is in the customer's brain.
Those are the ones because c human
nature doesn't change rapidly. And so
what we what we as customers want tends
to change slowly. And if you base your
energies and direction and strategies
and tactics, everything that makes a
company effective around those customer
needs, then you can change the details
of how you get there all the time
because the world is changing so the
technologies will change, your
competitive set will change, everything
will change except those needs. And so
that's another way that long-term
thinking is protective because it forces
you to think about the real customer
needs to center those as your big ideas
and then put energy into them in a
hundred ways and to be very dynamic. I
always say be stubborn on the vision and
flexible on the details and you have to
be because the world is changing and you
change your mind. I've noticed that
people who are right a lot change their
mind a lot. People who are wrong a lot
are very stubborn on the details
and and that is also self-awareness of
how reality is rather than how one would
want it to be.
This is so true. You know who's
undefeated?
Reality. Reality wins every time. It's
completely undefeated. How can you make
sure that as you invent and one of one
of the the main topics that we've
discussed is how it's important to
wonder how it's important to explore.
But as you invent and you wonder how how
were you able not to get lost? Well,
that is such a good question and uh you
know my so my uh really my best thing my
favorite thing is to be with a small
group of uh of people with with a big
whiteboard in front of me and inventing.
I'm I am an inventor. This is my
fundamental nature. And uh I remember
one time we had a an executive at Amazon
for many many years, a guy named Jeff
Wilkey who was instrumental in the
success of the company. We've we've been
gifted with a a large number of
fantastic executives including Diego
Pachchantini who I think might be in the
audience somewhere. Um and thank you
Diego. Diego's Diego's contributions to
uh Amazon are legendary
and to Vento too. Thank you, Diego.
And so one day in the early days cuz I
literally put me in front of a
whiteboard and I can come up with a
hundred ideas in half an hour. And early
in Amazon's history, Jeff Wilkey
came to me one day. He worked for Amazon
for a quarter of a century, but this is
when he probably knew me only for a
year. and he said, "Jeff, you have
enough ideas to destroy Amazon." And
this was such a shocking idea for me.
And but and and uh uh you know, I as a
founder, I had the great luxury of
always being able to hire my tutors, my
they would hire these experienced senior
executives, brilliant people like Diego
and Jeff Wilkkey. And there there were
several others too. and and I would
listen to them and they would teach me.
And Jeff said, "You have enough ideas
per minute, per day, per week to destroy
Amazon." I was like, "What do you what
do you mean?" He's like, "You have to
release the work at the right rate that
the organization can accept it." And he
was a manufacturing uh expert. And so,
you know, his view of the world was
every time I released an idea, I was
creating a backlog, a cue, work in
process. And because it was just
stacking up, it was adding no value. And
in fact, it was creating distraction.
And so he said, "Look, you have to
figure out when to release these new
ideas at a rate that the organization
can accept them." And this was I mean
this sounds so obvious but it was not
obvious at the time to me and this was a
profound insight for me. And so I
started prioritizing the ideas better,
keeping lists of them, keeping them to
myself until the organization was ready
for the ideas. And then I also started
figuring out how can I build an
organization
that can be ready for more ideas. That's
about having the right senior team and
the right leadership and getting those
people the executive bandwidth so they
could do more ideas per unit time. And
so and and that is what we built. We
built a company that's very good at
inventing and doing more than one thing
at a time. And you do want to build as
the company gets bigger, you do want to
be able to do more than one thing at a
time. But that idea of releasing the
work was very profound for me. And it
made it made us operationally more
effective while still being inventive.
And do you think you're a better
inventor on the back of that? So the the
actual inventions that
probably because it also forces you if
you are releasing the ideas through time
it forces you to prioritize them better.
You end up sharpening the ideas better.
Um and so yeah probably does
but you have to wander. Thank you.
Wandering. Just one more thing on
wandering. Wandering is so important
because wandering is a kind of humility.
So sometimes when people think about oh
should how much should I wander
wandering sounds so inefficient but you
can the only way to go straight to your
destination is if you know where you're
going and sometimes you know where
you're going but sometimes you don't.
And so wandering is that acknowledgment
that in life and in business and in
exploration and in invention, in
building a company, a lot of the time
you can see the mountaintop, but you
can't see the trail and you have to
explore and you have to wander. It may
feel very inefficient, but it's actually
very valuable. And it's really a
recognition. And it's a humility that
you don't know where you're going.
But inventing but in inventing has a
dose that is not efficient
and it it does require time
to get ideas to learn.
Yes.
To dream.
Yes.
On the other hand, you need to be
efficient once you start building that.
That's right.
And and iterate.
These are different different things for
different times. So oper sometimes when
you know where you're going yes you
should be very efficient. So, how how to
how to put it in harmony and not
balancing? And I know you don't like to
balance,
right?
And so, how can you put in harmony the
dream side and the build side?
And by the way, just to fill that out a
little, I don't like I don't love the
word balance because it implies a
tradeoff. Like, I've often had people
ask me, "How do you deal with work life
balance?" And I'll say I like work life
harmony because if you're happy at home,
you'll be better at work. If you're
better at work, you'll be better at
home. These things go together. They're
not they're not not a strict tradeoff.
And the um and it's true, I think, for
exploration, but also determined
execution. You just need to do both. And
they actually do feed each other. It's
the things that come out of the ex
execution give you new data, new ideas
about what the next step should be in
your exploration. So the two things
don't work against each other. They work
together.
And how so how how would you advise
young founders in in practical terms to
be able to be in harmony with both?
The touchstone, the thing you always go
back to is those customer needs. So
that's the only way that I could advise
any founder or entrepreneur is deeply
understand
what are the big ideas that their
customers want and you can't you've you
should ask them ask your customers but
it's not sufficient you also have to
invent on their behalf because the
biggest breakthroughs the most important
ideas Customers don't know to ask. They
don't know to ask for those things.
That's why dream that. You have to dream
and you have to use your intuition and
your gut and your heart. All of the data
that gets used in business is essential.
If you're in business and you're not
looking at your data, trust me, your
competitors are going to beat you. But
if you're only looking at your data, you
also will not win or at least not win
big. Because the most important
decisions that every person makes when
they're building something new is made
with intuition. You cannot prove it, but
you have an instinct and a hunch. And
then you'll pay attention. If that turns
out to be wrong, it won't be a big deal.
You'll correct.
How do you feel about this moment? And
and what what do your instinct taking us
back 25 years ago can can help us detect
cuz my instinct are of caution.
Mhm. Well, okay. So to take you back in
time in the year 2000 when the internet
bubble burst, Amazon stock in a very
short period of time went from $113
a share to $6 a share. And by the way,
it's split many times since then. I
don't know, 20 for one or maybe even
more. I don't I don't have the number,
but so these prices have nothing to do
with today's stock prices. But to go
from 113 to six in a short period of
time was very concerning. And
shareholders were upset. Employees were
nervous. Uh all of our employee base,
their parents were all calling our
employees and saying, "Are you okay?"
You know, this was the environment of
great nervousness. But I looked at the
numbers in the business and every month
as the stock price went from 113 to six,
the a number of customers went up every
month. Our uh gross profits went up
every month. Our operating expense, we
were still in a loss position, but our
our losses as a percentage of sales went
down every month. every single business
metric, new customers, customer repeat
purchases, everything that we were
monitoring through that entire period
kept getting better.
And so this that's one observation about
bubbles in general. The fundamentals
can be disconnected. The fundamentals of
the business and of course as
entrepreneurs, you're focused on the
fundamentals of the business. The stock
price is an output, an ultimate output
that you actually have very little
control over. Uh Benjamin Graham, the
great investor, is famous for saying in
the short term, the stock market is a
voting machine. In the long term, it's a
weighing machine. And so, as founders
and entrepreneurs and business people,
our job is to build a heavy company. We
want to build a company that when it is
weighed,
it is a very heavy company. We do not
want to focus on the stock price and so
that is you know that will be misleading
because it can be disconnected from the
fundamentals and when bubbles happen. So
that's one thing that happens. The
second thing that happens when people
get very excited as they are today about
artificial intelligence for example is
every experiment gets funded. Every
company gets funded, the good ideas and
the bad ideas. And investors have a hard
time in the middle of this excitement
distinguishing between the good ideas
and the bad ideas. And so that's also
probably happening today. Um, but it
doesn't mean that anything that's
happening isn't real. Like AI is real
and it is going to change every
industry. In fact, it's a very unusual
technology in that regard in that it's a
horizontal enabling layer. Today we talk
about AI first companies like OpenAI and
Anthropic and Mestral and so on and so
on and so on. There are so many startup
companies that are kind of AI companies
of various kinds and that's normal for
this phase. But that is not the biggest
impact that AI is going to have. The
biggest impact that AI is going to have
is it is going to affect every company
in the world. It is going to make their
quality go up and their productivity go
up. Uh it's I mean by every company I
literally mean every company. Every
manufacturing company, every hotel,
every you know consumer products company
etc etc etc. And so that is hard to
fathom but it's real. There is no doubt.
We don't know how long it will take
exactly. We don't know how quickly that
transition will occur and it'll probably
occur at different rates in different
industries. But that is very real. Now
what the stock market does which is when
we think of bubbles we think of
valuations and market caps and things
like this and how many billions of
dollars are being invested in these six
people at a $20 billion valuation even
though they just started yesterday.
Right? That's very unusual behavior.
This investors don't usually give a team
of six people a couple of billion
dollars with no product. It's rare and
that's happening today. But the great
thing about industrial bubbles, this is
a kind of industrial bubble as opposed
to financial bubbles. And I'll tell you
what I mean by that. If you go back like
the the '9s had a biotech bubble and
there were a bunch of uh pharma startup
companies that were designing drugs and
using new techniques and the world got
very excited. The investment world got
very excited. as a group, they all lost
money. But we did get a couple of
life-saving drugs. A bubble like a a a
banking bubble, a crisis in the banking
system. That's just bad. That's like
2008.
And so that's you. Those bubbles society
wants to avoid. The ones that are
industrial are not nearly as bad. It
could even be good because when the dust
settles and you see who are the winners,
society benefits from those inventions.
They still get those life-saving drugs.
And that's what's going to happen here,
too. This is real. The benefits to
society from AI are going to be
gigantic. And if we go back 25 years ago
when when the internet was in that
bubbish moment, no one would have
predicted a lot of the industrial
benefits of that industrial bubble and
the fiber huge investment that were put
in infrastructure.
It's a perfect example that all of that
fiber optic cable that got laid and by
the way the companies who laid all that
cable went out of business.
Literally went bankrupt. But the fiber
optic cable was still there and we got
to use it.
And the telco companies who own the
customers and who had a very strong mode
Yes.
ended up not being the companies that
emerged.
That's right.
And a lot of the infrastructure that was
laid for e-commerce ended up actually
working.
Yes. And and in in some ways what what
is really important in the m in the
moment we're living now is on one side
to be extremely optimistic that the
societal and beneficial consequences of
AI like we had with internet 25 years
ago are real and there to stay
100%. And by the way it's not even just
AI. We're we are all gifted everybody in
this room. We're gifted to live in a
moment of time when there are multiple
golden ages going on. So you have I
space travel is in the middle of a
golden age. AI and AI is several
different things by the way. Middle of a
golden age. Robotics middle of a golden
age. It it's extraordinary there.
There's never been a better time to be
excited about the future. And as I said
earlier, thank you. It's this rapid rate
of change is fantastic for
entrepreneurs.
And I think and I think what's really
important of what we just discussed is
on one side to decorate the bubbles and
their bursting consequences that might
or might not happen from the actual
reality.
Exactly. And that if you look at AI
similarly to the internet or similarly
to electricity, it's going to be broadly
diffused.
Correct.
And it will go everywhere and everyone
from us as people to companies will be
using it and benefiting from it.
That's right. And so we need to just be
extremely open in in being able to adopt
it and not necessarily think like back
in the days that electricity was only
going to be applied for light bulbs or
electricity was only going to be applied
for a fridge. Civilizational abundance
comes from our inventions. So 10,000
years ago or whenever it was, somebody
invented the plow and we all got richer.
And that's what happens. One step at a
time, we build tools and the tools
increase. I'm talking about all of
civilization. These tools increase our
abundance and that pattern will
continue. And AI is a gigantic part of
that. Space travel is going to be a big
part of that. There are we it's I don't
see how anybody can be discouraged who
is alive right now. Can you tell us a
little bit about how the world looks
like 10 50 years from now?
Well, uh, so I am working very hard on
Blue Origin. I'm working very hard on
AI. Um, I'm the least retired person in
the world and I will never retire
because work is too much fun. It will
never happen.
And Lauren is you're you're for it.
She knows it makes me happy. And so,
look, um, Blue Origin, we're, uh, at the
end of this month or maybe the first
week of November, uh, we're going to
launch our new Glenn vehicle and we're
sending NASA's Escapade, uh, satellite
into orbit around Mars. So, that's about
to happen. Uh, we are building a lunar
lander that is going to land on the moon
uh, here in just a few years. And also
very exciting, it's hydrogen-powered.
It we developed being 20 degree Kelvin
very very cold 20 degrees above absolute
zero 20 Kelvin electric powered solar
powered cryocoolers
so that we can keep liquid hydrogen
liquid and have it be a storeable
propellant in space. This is very hard
to do. We already have made amazing
progress on it because hydrogen is the
highest performing fuel for rocketry for
space travel. But it has this problem
that it has to be kept so cold that
historically hasn't been able to been
used on deep space missions because it
just boils away. So we're solving that
problem making hydrogen a uh a storeable
fuel. We're we are doing R&D into how to
build solar cells solar cells from lunar
regalith on the surface of the moon. Uh
because if you're going to go to the
moon and stay on the moon, you need to
be using the resources of the moon. You
need to be harvesting the moon to make
that cost effective.
So the moon will be a launch pad.
The moon is a gift from the universe.
It's so close to Earth. It's only 3 and
1/2 days away. We have we can launch and
get to the moon anytime. Uh
unfortunately to get to other planetary
bodies, they have very rare launch
windows. Mars. You can go to Mars once
every 26 months or so. And so the moon
is really a gift. And it has a very low
gravitational field, only a sixth of
Earth's, which means it takes about 30
times less energy to lift a kilogram of
mass off the moon than it does to lift
it off the Earth. So we can use the moon
as a rocket fuel depot to go to the rest
of the solar system. One of the things
that's going to happen in the NE, it's
hard to know exactly when. It's 10 plus
years, but I bet it's not more than 20
years. We're going to start building
these giant gigawatt data centers in
space. So, these giant training
clusters,
those will be better built in space
because we have solar power there 24/7.
Uh, and it's and the solar power there
is there no clouds and no rain, no
weather. So you can build we will be it
will we will be able to beat the cost of
terrestrial data centers in space in the
next couple of decades. And so space
will end up being one of the places that
keeps making earth better. It already
has happened with weather satellites.
It's already happened with communication
satellites. The next step is going to be
data centers and then other kinds of
manufacturing.
And will we be able to travel on Earth
faster? Um yeah, I think so eventually.
This is very challenging. This kind of
hypersonic travel on Earth, the
pointto-point ballistic travel, it
doesn't break any laws of physics. It's
got some It's got some It's difficult in
some ways. It's rockets tend to be very
noisy, so people probably don't want
them like in their downtown areas. Uh so
we we have to figure out exactly how
that works, but there may be hyper other
ways of doing hypersonic travel, too. Uh
so I do think that will that will
happen.
And living in space when will be when do
you think we'll be living in space?
Well I think I believe we'll have uh in
you know in the next kind of couple of
decades I believe there will be millions
of people living in space. That's how
fast this is going to accelerate. Um
it's interesting too because they'll
mostly be living there because they want
to. Our robotic technology is getting so
good. We don't need people to live in
space. Anything that could that we need
done, if you need to do some work on the
surface of the moon or anywhere else, we
can we will be able to send robots to do
that work and that will be much more
cost effective than sending humans. And
if you were to advise a movie or a book
of sci-fi
that's in your view more truth to what
we expect, what what would that be? And
I'm asking because I know you love
sci-fi and I'veii disappointed myself of
seeing how how you always read and see
these movies and it never happens. I've
uh I've read so much science fiction
just starting my in that little town in
South Texas where I spent my summers
with my grandfather. Someone someone had
donated his science fiction collection
to the local library which is this town
of only 3,000 people and over the course
of a few summers I read my way through
that all the classics and heinland and
so on. the one of the I one of the uh
something that I would recommend is the
culture series only because it has such
an interesting utopian take on the
intersection of humanity and artificial
intelligence and I think there's so much
talk about that right now not that this
is the way it's going to be or anything
but it's just a very interesting uh way
to think about these super intelligences
we didn't have time to talk about that
but I find so many people nervous or
anxious or even a little discouraged or
depressed by thinking about these
coming. You know, right now computers
can easily beat us at chess. Once they
can compete us at anything, do we have
meaning in our lives? I think the answer
to that is 100% yes. We will still have
meaning in our lives.