Hey everyone and welcome back to another
video for today. So in today's video,
let's talk about the drone industry.
Yesterday we did talk about robotics. In
today's video, we're going to talk about
drones and more specifically some drone
companies or some companies that do make
drones and other things as well. Now, of
course, in 2025, we already seen it in
2024, but in 2025 really the drone
conversation has picked up quite a lot.
And so yes, investors were looking to
buy drone players, drone stocks to get
exposure to that team. Now, I'll say it
outright already. And unfortunately,
today you are going to pay quite a
premium to buy some of these names. Now,
of course, if you're a long-term
shareholder, you might want to buy the
dip whenever those things occur because
the growth or the expected growth in the
global drone market is quite something.
We're expected to grow in market size
from $73 billion in 2024 all the way to
over $220 billion by 2032.
Now right now 80% of US public safety
drones are foreignade
probably all from China. If we look at
the commercial drone market according to
Grand View Research Market size is
expected to grow from around let's call
it $30 billion in 2025 to 57.2 billion
by 2030. The drone market is expected to
grow from 83.7 billion dollars in 2025
to $163.6
billion in 2030. And if we look at the
well segments share by technology, $73.1
billion, that's the global market size
in 2024.
Most of it are remotely operated ones.
Then you've got semi-autonomous and only
a small chunk here fully autonomous. I
would really assume that by 2030 fully
autonomous does take the larger part of
the spy. Now I am showing you here a
couple of sources with regards to the
numbers regards to revenue generated by
market by year. Sometimes these things
might not be the exact same number and
that's fine because those are estimates
but at least here you're getting a
fuller picture by getting different
types of sources. But it's quite clear
that the drone market is expected to
grow over the next couple of years. And
so in today's video, let's talk about
some players. I'll start off with Redcat
Holdings as a quick one because it was
originally not included in the list, but
since they have partnered up with
Palanteer, I have to show them in the
video. And then we're going to go over
Aervironment, Kattos, Dragonfly, and
Undas. So stay tuned for all of that. If
you enjoy this type of videos, hit all
the buttons. Would really appreciate
that. If you want to support me even
further, do check out the link down in
the description and hit the pin comment
to the top 10 best stocks to buy now or
go to full.com/couchinvestor.
Thank you very much. So, Redcat Holdings
is a drone company, surprise surprise,
that has aggressively pivoted from
consumer markets to focus exclusively on
the military and government sectors. It
provides integrated hardware and
software solutions, including its Black
Widow Reconnaissance drone and has
recently expanded into unmanned surface
vessels with its Blue Ops division. Now,
the bull case here is quite simple.
They're making a bold all-in bet on the
defense industry, a high growth sector.
Its expansion into maritime drones opens
up a new addressable market, much bigger
than the other. Key contract wings like
one from the United States Army for its
Black Widow drone provide crucial
validation for its technology. Oh, and
by the way, also a special thanks to
Fiscal.ai for sponsoring this video. If
you use my link, you'll get 15% off. New
users will get to try Fiscal Pro for
free for the next two weeks. All the
information, all these types of graphs
right here are powered by fiscal.ai. And
I'll show you a couple of extra things
as well. So, we're looking at revenue
for Redcat. Redcat, by the way, is a
company worth around a billion dollars
or so. Last 12 months, revenue was well,
not much. Okay, you can clearly see what
revenue was over the last couple of
years. Not much. But why are you paying
so much for these types of companies?
It's because of what comes next. And
what comes next is of course explosive
growth. Although you would like to see
this thing go up more and more, even
more aggressively. Why? Well, quite
simple. This is already a billiondoll
company. a billion dollar company that
is just expected to generate $150
million or so two years out is uh paying
quite a premium, right? It's paying
quite a premium. Now, a month ago, they
did have a little investor update for
us. And if we go here on transcript, we
don't want to read the whole transcript.
We go to AI summaries and we get here a
lot more information. Now one thing that
was interesting is that they said that
the impending restriction of DJI drones
from the US market Chinese player is
expected to create a massive
displacement demand opening up
significant revenue opportunity in dual
use sector. As I've shown you before 80%
of US public safety drones are foreign
mate and DJI being arguably the most
popular name in the drone industry. This
can of course switch the demand to
Americanmade ones like Redcat. How big
of an opportunity you ask? Well, we got
here a number. This is projected to
create at least 957
million annual revenue opportunity in
the non DoD drone market for which
Redcat is developing a civilian version
of Black Widow. Full disclaimer, I do
own a DJI drone. Those are pretty good.
So, that was a quick overview on Redcat.
Of course, here today the stock did not
perform as well as the others, but as
you can see, it does respect the 200 day
moving average. So, if you're looking
for an opportunity, maybe look for it to
go closer to the 200 day one, which sits
at around $8. Moving on to the next
name, and that's Kratos Boy. Kratos is a
defense company focused on
high-performance unmanned aerial
systems. It develops jet powered combat
ready drones like the XQ58A Valkyrie
designed to fly as loyal wingman
alongside man fighter jets as well as
target drones for military exercises.
The bullcase here also just like with
all the others, it's a direct
beneficiary of the Pentagon's increasing
investment in autonomous warfare and
next generation aircraft. The company's
deeply integrated into critical US
defense programs, including hypersonic
weapon development, a favorable
political climate for defense spending
on unmanned systems provides a strong
tailwind. And so unlike Redcat and a lot
of the other smaller players, Kratos
actually generates already quite a lot
of revenue. And as you can see, that
revenue is expected to accelerate. The
growth here is expected to accelerate in
the upcoming fiscal years. Looking at
free cash flow, we can expect some free
cash flow by fiscal 2027.
And looking at free cash flow margin and
gross profit margin, of course, free
cash flow margin right now is still
negative. Although there was one time
where it was positive, but I do assume
that capex is becoming bigger as they
are wanting to grow more and more. Gross
profit margin here is coming down. We
were previously around 27% back in 2122
then 25 26% and now we're closer to 24%.
So also something to look at. As for
operating margin this is over the last
12 months currently sitting at 2% coming
from 3.9% back year Q2 2024. The lowest
point was 5% Q2 2022. So operating
margin wise still still positive. Now,
Kattos is a much bigger company than a
Redcat, for example, than an OnDas or
than a Dragonfly. It's a company worth
13.6 billion. As you can see, year to
date, stock is up 205.9%.
So, it has already it has already run up
significantly, of course, on the
anticipation that they're going to be a
major beneficiary of this shift towards
drones, autonomous systems, and all of
that. Plus, also the business has
started to do better than before. And
this is basically what we're getting
here. Last quarter, they also raised
their full year 2025 revenue guidance to
a range of 1.29 to 1.31 billion,
reflecting an organic growth rate of 11
to 13% year-over-year and increasing
adjusted EIDA guidance to 114 to 120
million. Third quarter revenue is
projected to be between 315 and $325
million. Expected growth there is 12 to
15% yearover-year. And here they do say
that capex is expected to remain
elevated in 2026 to support facility
buildouts for new program wins and joint
ventures. So there you have it. And so
looking at the stock right now, you can
clearly see that this stock has gone
parabolic especially especially over the
last year. Currently, it is overbought
on the daily. But as you can see, it
does respect the 200 day moving average
here as well. If if you're looking for a
huge correction, well, the 200 day
moving average sits at $41. So,
basically, you're looking at a 50%
retracement here. I don't know if that's
going to happen. I'm just providing the
information. Moving on to AV or
Avironment. They're a leading defense
technology company that specializes in
unmanned aircraft systems, including
small drones and loitering munitions
like the well-known Switchblade drone.
It serves government agencies in the
United States and internationally.
They're the market leader in tactical
drones and loitering munitions with its
products proven in realworld conflicts.
The company has a record backlog of
orders signaling strong future revenue
growth. It is expanding its
manufacturing capacity and investing in
AIdriven autonomous solutions to align
with the US Department of Defense
priorities. And here as well, you can
see that this is a real business already
right now and is seeing its revenue
accelerate quite substantially,
especially already in fiscal 20 or their
fiscal 2026. Revenue is expected to be
up 143% followed by two weakish years,
but they are still expected to generate
$2.6 billion in revenue by fiscal 2028.
Free cash flow for fiscal 26 is expected
to be 3 million, then 152 million and
then $253 million in fiscal 2028.
Looking at funded backlog, as you can
clearly see, funded backlog is
accelerating, right? The bottom was July
2024, $373
million. Last quarter, that crossed over
a billion. And that's up, of course,
186%
yearover-year. Looking at margins here
as well, we can see that free cash flow
margin is down. It's now actually
extremely negative, 17.8%.
Gross profit margin was stable at around
40 39% or so. Last quarter that took a
hit. It's now at 31%.
Which probably could be explained by the
fact that revenue just increased faster.
As for operating margin over the last 12
months, as of last quarter, that was
negative -2.7%.
Looking at the company, it's a company
worth 13.9 billion. Over the past 5
years, stock is up 342%
over the last 3 years, 211% over the
last 12 months, 36.6% 6% and year to
date it's up 78.5%.
Quickly looking at their Q1 fiscal year
2026 earnings report they did say the
following things. So first of all
revenue increased 140% year-over-year.
Bookings $400 million for the quarter.
Funded backlog as we've seen $1.1
billion with unfunded backlog $3.1
billion. Adjusted Ebida 56.6 million
representing 12.4% 4% of revenue, $722
million in cash and investment,
following $1.7 billion in financing, and
the revenue mix is 78% domestic, 22%
international, with Ukraine representing
8% out of that 22%. And so, if we look
at the stock right now, this is a stock
that clearly, especially this year, was
very volatile compared to the others
that we've seen. We've seen the stock
crash all the way from $237
to $100 back here. Of course, liberation
day, beginning of April, and now it went
all the way back up to $280
or so. Moving on to the next one, and
that's
a unique two-pronged strategy. Its
network subsidiary builds private,
secure wireless networks for critical
industries like rail and utilities. Its
aerobotics subsidiary provides
autonomous drone in the box systems for
industrial monitoring and data capture.
Andas is not just a drone maker. It's
building the foundational communication
infrastructure that the entire
industrial drone ecosystem will rely on.
This end-to-end solution is a key
differentiator. Strategic partnerships
with giants like Zeans to upgrade rail
networks, validate its technology, and
open up massive markets. This is a name
that I've actually touched on late 2024,
beginning of 2025. Now, the thing with
Andas here as well, as you can see, this
is a company where you will see it stock
has gone up tremendously this year. But
revenue-wise, revenue well is still
nowhere near where it should be. But
here as well, it is expected to explode
in the upcoming two fiscal years above
100% growth in fiscal year 26 and fiscal
year 27 to reach $131 million in fiscal
27. As for gross profit last 12 months
here as well, we have some periods where
this thing is spiking and we have some
periods where this thing is coming down.
We're we're still waiting for it to
actually have a nice trend up and to the
right. And so as for revenue last 12
months here as well we can see we go up
then we go down we go up. It has not
been that stable just yet. Same here
with gross profit margin. Now onas over
the last 12 months is up close to 800%.
Year to date it's up 150%. This is a
company worth $2.2 billion. So here
again you are paying a very very high
premium on the future growth of this
company. a very very high premium. Now
last quarter they reported the following
numbers. Record quarterly revenue of
$6.3 million representing 500% growth
year-over-year and 50% growth
sequentially. Onas autonomous system
revenue contribution generated $6.1
million out of the $6.3 million, a
substantial increase from $300,000 in Q2
2024. Gross profit $3.3 million. gross
margin, 53% gross profit margin compared
to gross loss in the prior year. They
also told us a little bit about the
backlog here that grew to $22 million at
the end of Q2, up from $10 million at
year end 2024 with autonomous systems
securing over $39 million in orders over
the last 12 months. As for Andas
Networks, they're advancing their
long-term strategy through critical
industry validation such as the
association of American railroad
selection of the dot 16 protocol
positioning both business units for
sustained momentum. So here important to
note with onas although the sexy part is
the drone side of the business but you
also have the networking side of the
business and here as well we have
another Neil. Coincidence?
I think not. And so with Andas, you've
got this. You've got the initial pump
late 2024. So this is basically the
first time I think I mentioned this.
You've got the pump and then the dump
and then we've got the whole momentum
and the team of course of the drones.
And since then the stock went up and up
and up. Right now 200 day moving average
sits at $2. 50day sits at $4. Currently
RSI is high but just not over about
here. Again, caution because I do think
that these names are stretched a lot of
future future anticipation. Moving on to
the last name, and that's Dragonfly.
It's an established award-winning
manufacturer of a wide range of
commercial drones, sensors, and
software. It serves diverse sectors,
including public safety, agriculture,
mining, and defense. Dragonfly is a
pureplay drone company that has recently
gained significant validation by winning
a contract with the United States
Department of Defense for its Commander
3 XL drone. This entry into the
lucrative defense market could be
transformative. It also has innovative
technology, including a telealth
platform capable of remote biometric
detection. I didn't know this, and I'm
pretty sure most of you didn't know this
either. And so looking at Dragonflyy's
revenue annually, you can see that over
the last couple of years, this has
literally not moved much, but it is
expected to grow a lot in fiscal 26,
grow by 132% to $21 million. Gross
profit margin is coming down. Still at
25.7% over the last 12 months, but we've
been higher. We've been higher. And here
as well, why does that happen? Well,
revenue grows a lot. gross profit, not
much. Now, as for Dragonfly, this is a
company worth only $138 million or close
to 200 Canadian or something like that.
So, the smallest of the bunch, I would
say in this case, yes, for the next 12
months, you're paying 10 times EV2 sales
here for that company. But it is a tiny
tiny player right now. If we look at the
12 months performance, the stock is up
171%. Year-to- date stock is up 49%.
Last quarter, they told us the following
thing. Revenue came in at $2.1 million,
up 37% quarter over quarter and 22%
year-over-year. Product sales
contributed $1.9 million to Q2 revenue.
Gross profit $54,000,
a 9.3% year-over-year increase. They
ended Q2 with $22 million in cash,
subsequently increasing the
approximately $68 million due to
financing and warrant exercises. And of
course, they're still losing money. And
so looking at the stock right now here
as well, we've seen this peak at the end
of 2024, went all the way down here to
actually at the end of May, $16.
And since then, well, the stock has
exploded. And so to conclude, to me,
it's very interesting. The drone
industry is very interesting, which is
also why I own a drone, cuz I love it.
But with the smaller players, you're
basically putting bets. Whoever is going
to win, you're going to win big.
Unfortunately, right now, most of these
smaller players have already gone up
substantially, yet their business are
yet to show the substantial growth just
yet. You can, of course, go with the
more established player. I don't know if
you're going to get your huge huge gains
there. But as you've seen with Kattos,
it's a big company that has crushed the
others in this video. Or you could just
wait until Andrew goes public. Hopefully
a DPO, so we do benefit from it cuz I do
think that that one will be a very, very
big winner. And of course, they will go
public at an extremely high valuation,
unfortunately. But if I'm going to play
this, I'm probably going to play this
with Palmer Lucky or Redcat cuz they do
have that Palanteer connection. But all
in all, that's about it. Let me know
down in the comment section below which
one you hold or which one you were
interested in. Let me know down in the
comment section below. Check out
fiscal.ai for 15% off and we'll see each
other in the next one. Bye-bye.
[Music]