You're a sniper. Uh the first let's talk
about Tyler Robinson and the shot 30 six
the rifle taking apart the rifle hiding
in his pants his tight jeans. There's a
lot of strange aspects to this story
that don't really seem to add up in my
opinion.
>> They I mean they don't add up because
they didn't happen. There's no way. They
don't make sense. It's not plausible. Uh
and I can I can debunk that right now.
Okay. So, we have a video of somebody
climbing down a wall, a fence with no
gun in him. So, they said, um, he it's
in his pants or it's in his backpack.
First of all, no, because uh uh 30 out
six, you need it takes a while to break
it down and you're not doing it with
just a screwdriver. It's not going to
fit in your backpack or in your pants
where you can bend your knees. And and
let's just say let's say it did. Let's
say you could take it apart with the
screwdriver they found. So, we agree he
they say he took it apart on the
rooftop, left the screwdriver there with
the gun taken apart, then he jumped
down, put it How did he put it back
together? Did he bring two screwdrivers
now?
>> Must have. I mean,
>> yeah, I guess so. So, that part right
there doesn't make sense whatsoever.
Now, a 30 at six at that range. I mean,
if it's less than I want to say a 30%
angle, the angle shooting is not going
to matter too much, but if you shoot
someone in the neck with that grain,
that caliber of a bullet, I think your
head's going to blow off. Um, and what's
their response to that? Well, he was
superhuman. Okay. Second, no, he wasn't.
He's a normal dude. Where'd the bullet
go? Uh, that was an exit wound. I know
from seeing it. That's an exit wound,
not an entry room.
>> Oh, really? You think that was an exit
wound?
>> I would bet a million dollars right now.
That's an exit wound of some sort.
>> Well, okay. So, the the blood was
gushing out of his neck, which makes it
look like an exit wound. However, if it
does hit an artery, there is a
possibility that blood gushes because
the artery was hit and obviously an
artery was hit.
>> So maybe
>> No, no, that's that's an I've shot
people closer than that with a gun
that's similar size and it exit wounds
and entry wounds are way different and
and a 30 pix will blow his head off.
One of the theories too, just just so
that one of the theories is that because
the weapon apparently was so old, like
his grandfather's was it World War II uh
rifle is what they're claiming that the
that the like the velocity of the round
would have been slowed like it wouldn't
be to the same standards as today's 306
that there would have been.
>> No, that would depend on the bullet, the
grain, the powder, and then the length
of the barrel. uh because the the the
the the barrel itself with the barrel
twist which will tell you how many
rotations it gets um per foot. Uh if
that's going to be similar to what we
have today if even it was fresh off the
line and uh depending on you know if the
bullets were from the 40s maybe but it's
still if it's dry gunpowder a primer and
a shell with a projectile it's going to
work the same. It's going to be similar
and it's it's still a pretty much a 30
cal.
>> Yeah. Okay. And then the other thing
they said, you know, they had Tyler
Robinson walking down the street, but he
was limping. And so that's because the
rifle was in his pants and he couldn't
bend his leg.
>> Again, he's wearing kind of like tighter
jeans. Like these are not baggy cargo
pants. They're kind of like not tight
jeans, but they weren't loose baggy
jeans. Can you fit I'm just curious. Can
you fit a rifle in jeans like that?
>> Was that even possible?
>> It's got to What's the length? Uh I
don't You know what? I should have
looked this up. I don't even know the
length of a barrel if you took it off a
300 out six or how long that would take.
But
>> I think it's still 36 like inches. I
think it's still a really I think it's
>> long. I mean, yeah. And again, I should
know these specs, but it's it's it's a
long boltaction rifle, which again is
the argument when uh people talk about
gun control. Well, there's a boltaction
gun that killed someone allegedly, so
maybe we should ban all those two or
whatever their answer is. But I I think
the short answer is no. You're not
breaking the 306 down in that time,
putting in a backpack. I mean, let's So,
you have to take it has to be taken
apart wherever you are. Put it back
together, including the scope. With a
cold shot, you hit someone in the neck,
which is not a place you aim. At 200
yards, you should be able to pick which
eyeball you want it in. That's easy. Not
even for a I mean, a sniper too, that's
that's I hate sniper gets thrown around
way too much. Getting on the rooftop
doesn't make you a sniper. It means you
don't know how to conceal what's behind
you, not in front of you. U So, he I
mean, the 306 thing, breaking it down, I
don't I'm not I'm just not buying it. Uh
that part
I'm I'm not a big conspiracy guy. It
just doesn't All I'm saying is I wasn't
there and it doesn't make sense to me.
Okay.
>> Uh and I don't I don't like the t-shirt
moving the way it did. And the initial
response, well, he was wearing body
armor. Well, he wasn't.
>> Right.
>> So now what's your excuse? Why' that
shirt move? The I mean, a bullet doesn't
stop to blow your shirt. Uh an exit
wound would. So I mean that's just that.
And then and then uh the things that I
don't like too is why weren't cops all
over that? And why did they tear a crime
scene down? Why did they take off
Charlie Lapel's mic and hand it to
someone else who ran off and did
something with it? Why' some dude jump
across a a crime scene, take the camera
that was behind Charlie Kirk down? Wh
Why did they find someone that said he
did it and it wasn't him, but he had a a
plet gun? Why is there so many
distractions? Why are people trying to
say, you know, the whole thing just
seems
>> it I again uh in stuff that I've seen
too usually the most basic thing you can
think of is what happened. Mhm.
>> I wish none of this happened. And it a
single shooter would be nice, but it
also would have been nice in Dallas when
Kennedy got shot,
>> right? Yeah. Well, and also it's just
not the MMO of these like leftist trans
shooters, you know, and they're saying,
"Oh, well, this is just another one."
And it's like, well, they usually shoot
a lot of people like they're not at one.
>> And I was think, you know, with a crowd
that big too, if you're looking to make
a statement, you start pumping bullets
into the crowd. Not to give anyone any
ideas. And I wish I didn't say that.
>> Right. But that's what that's that's the
mo and that's been the MO. It's not been
a one-shot assassination. How good of a
shot does the person to to hit him in
the neck like this right in the artery?
>> Um I mean is this a professional that
you think if it's not Tyler? You don't
think it's a professional?
>> No. Yeah. A professional wouldn't hit
him in the neck.
>> Uh a neck shot is a miss from the
shooter that they're saying was the
shooter. That's a miss. I mean, uh, if
you're as a sniper, if I'm that close,
I'm aiming for the mouth. Um, usually to
hit in the back, the base of the skull,
head shot's going to work or anywhere.
They call it the the like not a fatal
funnel, but the like a pinball. A chest
shot with 762 is going to usually kill
people. So, uh, to, you know, if I was
selling it as a sniper against an enemy
combatant at that range, I would sell a
head shot. But if I hit the neck, I
missed. But when I did see the foot,
like I saw the footage maybe twice, but
it was sent to me at first when they
said, "Hey, Carly Charlie Kirk was shot
and he's in he's in critical condition."
I saw that's when I got all this in one
look at one video. I was like, "Well, he
was dead before he hit the ground
because that's something big happened
there." And it's just uh
it's a it's just a horrible thing that
happened.
>> Horrible. I mean, absolutely horrible.
But the story that they've been trying
to feed us doesn't really feel like it
adds up.
>> It just doesn't make sense. And it's
just And everyone's saying that now,
too. Especially I mean you got 4K
footage all over the place in different
angles. Why?
>> Right. Well, and also the video that you
mentioned of him running and jumping off
the roof. Um I mean that that video
shows the corner where he supposedly
took the shot. Why don't we see him in
prone position? Why don't we see him
setting up? Why don't we see him taking
the shot and then disassembling the
rifle if that's where he did it? They
had a clear, clean shot of that part of
the roof from that CCTV camera.
>> So where is that footage? But instead,
we're just getting this kid running. Why
wasn't it set up until at least a
forensic expert got there and could tell
you exactly where the bullet came from,
>> right?
>> And now and now it's paved over. Now
they made a they paved it over. You
can't even see it anymore. It's like
>> that is that's really really crazy.
>> And then the other question I would have
too and and we're going down a rabbit
hole here is uh I'd like to find out how
how many days it takes to arrange the
parking for an event like a place where
they host Super Bowls. Is can you get
that whole thing with Pyotechics knocked
out in 10 days?
I I don't know. Like you're talking
about the memorial now.
>> I'm talking about red flags everywhere,
>> right? Okay. Yeah.
>> I just this this stuff for me, look, I'd
rather just sit at home, have coffee,
and pretend everything's perfect.
>> Me, too.
>> This one's just way in our face.
>> It is. It's very It's very very very
bizarre. Um totally and completely. But
yeah, there's a lot of missing pieces, a
lot of And the other thing that also
bothered me, there was a lot of these um
im it looked like they were setting up,
you know, they ended up going with Tyler
as the psy and being like, "Okay, the
guy's a trans furry death cult kid, so
let let's go with this one." But they
were releasing all of these um Discord
messages that they said people knew in
advance that Charlie was going to get
killed because there was all these
messages on Discord that were like,
"Watch out for September 10th." And you
know, September 10th is a day to
remember. But when you look at the names
on those Discord chats, the names were
like Osama bin something and then they
changed the and then another one was
like, you know, they they were obviously
Arab names. And it's like, were they
trying to stage it to where they could
maybe blame it on an Arab at first, but
then the thinking Americans would
immediately go towards first like, oh,
let's blame it on the, you know, uh, the
Islamists. But instead,
>> what they didn't calcul, you know, the
right was like, oh, no, we're it's the
trans, it's the furries.
And so then they're like, "Oh, well, we
got the perfect py now. We got Tyler."
Like they set up various different maybe
pies and they just went with this one.
>> If you're just And if you're trying to
get the the right spun up, which again
I'm not saying happened, but um it's
it's if you start blaming transgender,
then the right's going to get spun up.
>> Oh, right. And they just don't even look
at anything else. It's like it was the
trans death cult. That's who did it. I
don't want to hear anything else. It was
them. They're the ones who did it.
>> And when people start telling you this
is definitely what happened, we're
moving on. It's like that's that's
another red flag. No, why can't we just
and and and now we're at a place where
if you even get asked if you ask a
question, you start getting criticized.
It's like I'm just
>> just
>> that's always the red flag, right? I
mean, whenever they say it's a
conspiracy theory, you're a conspiracy
theorist. I'm like, well, then we are on
to something, aren't we? Like,
>> yeah. And a lot a lot of conspiracy
theories have come true, haven't they?
>> Like I I feel like most of them at this
point are now no longer theories, but
actual conspiracies that we've been able
to uncover. Just really nutty. Well, I
loved getting your perspective on that.
Thank you uh for that. You being an
expert sniper. I mean, it's good to to
know like what um you know what your
what your opinion was on on that whole
story and you say it's junk. Doesn't
sound right. Not
>> doesn't sound right. Yeah. And I mean
like Charlie Charlie Kirk's dead and
that's just a a horrible
>> terrible. Yeah. Terrible. Robert O'Neal,
thank you so much for being here. Where
can people I we've got your ex down
below, your ex uh
>> profile so people can follow you there.
Where else would you like?
>> Yeah, anything uh mc h o o y ah mikuya
is my madeup name. But uh at the
operator podcast, I do one once a week
and that's where I I I give my advice as
an operator and I I think anyone doing
anything productive as an operator, so I
want to hear yours. And then my uh my
website is robertjneal.com. That has
everything I have there. And uh I'm
happy to I'm happy to to uh interact.
Death threats I'm probably not going to
respond, but uh anything else I'm your
guy,
>> Robert, thank you again.
>> Thanks, Kim. Anytime. Thank you.
>> Thank you for watching this clip from
the full Kim Iverson show, which you can
catch Monday through Friday, 2 p.m.
Pacific, 5:00 p.m. Eastern at
kimrversonshow.com.
It is free for you to watch. Again, 2
p.m. Pacific, 5:00 p.m. Eastern.
Iversonshow.com. See you there.