Thank you.
>> Would you protect the Christopher
Columbus statues that exist here in the
city?
>> I'm telling you, my focus is on
affordability. I'm not thinking about
>> You're not answering the question. Thank
you. You're not answering.
>> He gave the finger to the Columbus Day
statue.
>> Last night was the New York City Maril
debate between Democratic candidate
Zoran Madani, Republican candidate
Curtis Leewa, and independent who lost
his primary Andrew Cuomo. So, in this
video, I have several clips to get to,
including ones that maybe aren't getting
a whole lot of attention, but stood out
to me for one reason or another,
including just a hilarious moment that I
will get to later that uh I just think
it was so ridiculous. But, let me first
start with some quick polling here,
recent polling. This is from Fox News,
which I found to be interesting because
it really shows Zorn Dandi with a
dominating lead. So, Fox News up to this
point has really been pushing Eric
Adams. Eric Adams of course has now
dropped out. So they're more for Curtis
Leewa or Andrew Cuomo and it doesn't
matter to these at least the Fox News
pollster because Mandani is running away
with it since Eric Adams dropped out and
he was already running away with it but
his lead has only increased and taking a
look at issue by issue local
economy/cost of living. Mamani running
away with it and really running away
with it on every issue. Housing taxes
even crime he's leading. So, it's at
this point not even really close. That
said, let's get to the first clip. This
one has to do with experience.
>> Uh, this is not a job for a first timer.
Any day you could have a hurricane, you
god forbid a 9/11, a health pandemic. If
you don't know what you're doing, people
have Mr. Manny, want to respond? And and
if we have a health pandemic, then why
would New Yorkers turn back to the
governor who sent seniors to their death
in nursing homes? That's the kind of
experience that's on offer here today.
What I don't have an experience, I make
up for in integrity. And what you don't
have an integrity, you could never make
up for an experience.
>> That's an incredible line from Donnie
there. Of course, referencing the fact
that there was this massive nursing home
scandal during the pandemic under Andrew
Cuomo. Writing here, this is from the
House Oversight Committee. The select
subcommittee on the coronairus pandemic
held former New York Governor Andrew
Cuomo publicly accountable for his
involvement in issuing the disastrous
March 25 directive which forced nursing
homes to accept CO 19 patients positive
patients and publicly exposed his
efforts to cover up the tragic aftermath
of his administration's deadly decision
including there uh made they made a
deliberate decision in its accounting of
nursing home deaths to exclude out of
facility deaths as a way to keep the
numbers down. Just this debate over
experience in any race is always
incredible to me cuz it it's not about
just experience for experience sake.
It's what matters is what did you do
with that experience.
People currently have are having a hard
time being able to afford to live and
that's at least partly under Andrew
Cuomo's leadership as governor of New
York. Why would you want that same
person to now run the city of New York
of New York when clearly under his
leadership things didn't work out well?
So experience matters only in the case
of did you actually do something with
your experience? Did you help people? If
you didn't, then experience for
experience sake doesn't mean anything.
In fact, it's a negative. Here is the uh
next clip. This is on Cuomo's
criminality leading to wasted public
money.
>> Andrew Cuomo thinks it's all right to
spend $60 million to fund his legal
defense from accusations of more than a
dozen women of sexual harassment. But if
I say we should spend the same amount of
money on delivering cheaper groceries in
this city through a pilot program, that
is unfathomable.
>> Quick, David, I have a right to respond
to that quickly.
>> First, uh, I did not bring those
lawsuits. That was brought by by the
attorney general, which I said was
political that's generated by individual
women and some of them have still been
making their way through the courts this
year. And
>> yes, and have been dropped from the
cases,
>> not all of them.
>> Yeah. This is a great example of what
happened a few times throughout the
evening where Cuomo claims all these
accusations were proven false. No, they
weren't. Why do you keep saying this
thinking that you're getting away with
it? Now, may look, this is like the
Trump playbook. You say something over
and over and over again and people begin
to believe it. It's simply not the case.
also lost in his answer there is the
fact that he did indeed waste nearly $60
million in legal fees, New York taxpayer
money. Absolutely insane. Let me get to
the next clip here. This deals with an
insane accusation from Andrew Cuomo
about Israel and the incredible response
from Mdani.
>> The assemblyman just said in his
response, "Well, it depends on uh
occupation." That is code meaning that
the Israel does not have a right to
exist as a Jewish state.
>> The occupation is a reference to
international law and the violation of
it which Mr. Cuomo has no regard for
since he signed up to be Benjamin
Netanyahu's legal defense team during
the course of this genocide.
>> Another incredible response from Mumani.
I'm going to get to more on that very
fact that Cuomo did indeed sign up to be
part of Netanyahu's legal defense team.
There's an incredible clip from Cuomo
discussing that. I'll get to that in
just a minute. But on the idea of
occupation, how Cuomo brings it up as a
supposed to be offensive that Mandani
has discussed the occupation. This is a
legal definition. The United Nations
here calling on Israel to end the
occupation. Are they being offensive
in their discussion of this? How about
the this Israeli human rights group
Betsm calling to end the occupation?
This is from back in 2017. Are they
being offensive? Do they want to end
Israel because they're calling to end
the occupation? Like Cuomo is betting on
you being stupid. That that's that's
what he's hoping for. The people that
don't know anything vote. And I don't
think he's doing too well cuz New
Yorkers, I think by and large, are a lot
more aware than uh Cuomo uh gives them
credit for. But this gets to the insane
fact that Andrew Cuomo joined the dream,
the legal dream team led by Alan
Dersuitz.
So, here is Cuomo discussing his his
support for Netanyahu. And
>> this is the moment when true friends
stand up and shoulder to shoulder and
fight for the state of Israel.
I am proud to be on the legal defense
team for the prime minister against the
arrest warrant at Jes
and I am proud to stand against
anti-semitism.
>> All right, so two things stand out to me
in that clip. One is just how proud he
is to be defending a war criminal in
Benjamin Netanyahu who this is his ICC
arrest warrant. I mean,
that in itself really shows you the lack
of character from Andrew Cuomo. But
combine that with his next line about
how he's standing up against
anti-semitism. The conflation of
standing up for a war criminal with
defending Jewish people, you got you
could actually call what Andrew Cuomo is
saying here to be anti-semitic. Because
of that conflation, the state of Israel
does not equal Jewish people. You have
two very different things here. to have
a government in their war crimes that
they have committed and Jewish people as
a whole, which does not include the war
crimes. But Andrew Cuomo thinks those
two are things are exactly the same, so
I must defend this war criminal. It's
it's it's disgusting. And you have
Alan Dersowitz,
Jeffrey Epstein's lawyer. He is the one
that put this this legal dream team
together. This is the guy you're on the
same side of. Do you think you're on the
right side of history? Who's also, by
the way, backing a pardon for Netanyahu?
Like, it's
the layers of
just complete a complete lack of
humanity throughout all of it. Andrew
Cuomo comes off as as a such a sleazy
politician, just speaking to whatever
rooms he thinks he needs to speak to to
win an election. Does not actually care
about any of it. This is a guy that was
born into a political family and took
all the wrong lessons from it. Just wild
stuff. Let me get to the next clip here.
This is a a complete left turn from this
more serious discussion. But this is
around call top calls to 311 and only
one candidate here was actually close in
their answer.
>> Last year 311 received 38 million
contacts from New Yorkers from calls to
the website. wanted to know if you had a
sense across five burrows what the top
two categories of complaints were. What
do you think they were Mr. Lewa?
>> Uh potholes constantly potholes,
people's undercarriages ripped out, ball
bearings.
>> Second one. Top two
>> rats.
>> Rats. Okay.
>> The city is flooded with rats.
>> Mr. Cuomo, what do you think the top two
complaints were?
>> Homeless and uh trash rats.
>> All right, Mr. Maldani,
>> there was housing and noise. Okay, so
the answer is noise and illegal parking.
>> Only Zoran Mdani was close to getting
the answer right. To me, this clip isn't
getting a whole lot of attention, but it
it speaks to how much closer Zoran Mani
is to the actual citizens of New York
City than the other two candidates,
Andrew Cuomo especially, where mom
Donnie got noise right. No one else got
that. And heat and hot water, which I
guess would could fall under housing, is
actually third. And if you combine maybe
that with block driveway, which I also
imagine would be that's a housing thing,
uh, closer to second place here, but
Manny is more aware of the day-to-day
lives of New Yorkers than Andrew Cuomo
is. And that came through very clearly
in that answer, not to mention the whole
debate. But let me get to this is uh the
next clip that this is a continuation of
the question around 311. This is around
noise. and only one person answered the
question.
>> First of all is the residential one.
That's the neighbors and the loud music.
And the second one is a street or
sidewalk. Everything with a loud
construction and workers outside. So,
Mr. Cuomo, as mayor, what can you do to
help the city that never sleeps get a
little bit of rest? Mr. Cuomo? Yeah,
look, I think uh if the 311 system
worked well, if there was actually
contact with people, I think New Yorkers
would get it. I think New Yorkers would
be responsive.
>> How would you quiet a little bit the
city that never sleeps
>> in the outer burrows? I see problems all
the time. Quality of life issues. Uh
18-wheel tractor trailers, RVs pass
parked everywhere, garbage that's uh not
picked up and collected.
>> Miss Mr. M Danny, your turn.
>> What we've seen is one of the biggest
sources of noise in this city is from
congestion. And with the implementation
of congestion pricing, we've actually
seen noise complaints drop in the
congestion zone. And so I would continue
to find ways to ensure that we have
reduced congestion across the city. And
one of the ways is by making the slowest
buses in America ones that are fast and
free so that New Yorkers can not only
live a life of excellent quality of
life, but also be able to get around
this city without having to worry if
they have $2.90 or soon to be $3 in
their pocket, which is already out of
reach for one in five New Yorkers.
>> That answer, again, this is one that
isn't getting a whole lot of attention,
but it really shows you the difference
between all of the candidates. Only one
person there, Zoran Mamdani, actually
both understood the question and had an
answer. Andrew Cuomo, I don't even know
what he was talking about about talking
about improving 311. That was part of
the previous Q&A. Why did you insert
that into this question about noise?
Curtis Lee was talking about 18 wheelers
and RVs parked everywhere. What does
that have to do with anything? And then
mom Donnie actually addresses the
freaking question. It it it shows you
the difference between all of these
people. someone that actually
understands citizens and their issues
and two others that are living in their
own world. Let me get to the next clip
here. This is uh incredible. Andrew
Cuomo is asked about why he failed in
the primary. Did he learn any lessons
from that? And here is his response. And
uh where this goes is just wild.
>> What lesson did you learn? And what do
you feel it said about you? Something
you did wrong? Something that you need
to change about yourself? Yeah, I think
uh in the primary campaign I did not do
enough on social media uh which is a
very effective medium now. Uh I think
the assemblymen did do a better job on
Tik Tok and social media than I did
during the campaign. Uh and that has uh
changed now. Um I've also uh increased
my activity significantly. Uh but my my
agenda is exactly the same. I I am the
Democrat, although I'm not on the
Democratic line. Uh he is a Democratic
socialist called Barack Obama evil and a
liar. Didn't vote for Kla Harris. Fight
and deliver is I will fight for people.
I will fight the bureaucracy and I will
deliver results. New Yorkers need the
mayor to get something done. This is all
words and theories. I am a manager who
can actually question about
self-reflection. Is the thing you're
reflecting on the most that you need to
be on social media more? Was there any
other deeper lesson that you learn
>> between the two campaigns? Uh social
media uh more accessibility.
>> Okay.
>> I just have to say it's been an hour and
20 minutes of this debate and we haven't
heard Governor Cuomo say the word
affordability. That's why he lost the
primary. That's why he'll lose the
general election. And you can lie all
you want, but the truth is I voted for
Kla Harris. I'm the only candidate on
the stage to have the endorsement of Kla
Harris. And I'm not the one who's funded
by Bill Aman who called Kla Harris
unqualified to be the vice president of
this country.
>> Okay. May I respond?
>> Yes. Uh brief response, please. There
are a lot of New Yorkers who s who
support me. Uh and there are a lot of
Jewish New Yorkers who support me
because they think you're anti-Semitic.
>> That absolutely killed me the first time
I watched that. I was laughing out loud.
Andrew Cuomo, you haven't talked about
affordability. Well, you're an
anti-semite.
What? What does that What does that have
to do with anything? What are you
talking about? The absolute desperation
that Andrew Cuomo has on display here is
remarkable. He has no actual retort. And
his answer is terrible. Your
self-reflection after losing the primary
was that you didn't use TikTok enough.
Really? Not that maybe it didn't speak
to the actual issues that New Yorkers
were feeling like cost of living
obviously being the big one there. That
wasn't part of your thought process. No,
I should use Tik Tok more. I should done
some more dances. Like what? It's so
it's so absolutely stupid. And on the
issue of Jewish voters, just to put this
this stupid line to rest in these times,
there's a great piece here. Why does the
New York Times keep ignoring polls
showing Mamani leading with Jewish
voters? So several polls have showed
this. Two recent polls show Mani's well
ahead with Jewish voters. The first, a
July Zenith Research poll, shows Mamani
with a 17-point lead with New York
Jewish voters. The second poll, also
from July, by GQR research, which was
commissioned by an anti-Mani pro-Israel
organization, New York Solidarity
Network, found Mamani leading with
Jewish New Yorkers by 12 points. Even an
anti-Mani group,
their own poll, still shows Mamani
leading with Jewish voters. Yet the
continues and they just go on
to right here. Times has cited GQR
research several times over the years
and frequently uses GQR's data in their
upshot election forecasting model yet
for some reason aren't showing or
discuss those polls about Londani. And
while Zenith Research is a fairly new
polling outlet, it founder longtime
poster Adam Carlson is frequently quoted
in the Times. So it really goes to
showing how this narrative has been how
media organizations have been trying to
craft this narrative around Mamani and
it's simply not worked because voters
actually they know what they see with
Mumani. They know who this man is. He's
been in New York for a while, been in
politics for a while. They they know
he's the real deal and they're not being
fooled by any of this Last
clip here. This is just a hilarious,
ridiculous moment. It was so absurd that
it again it really goes to show the
absolute desperation from the other
candidates. Every parade has the right
to exist in New York City. I would ask
you
>> Mr. Mand would you protect the
Christopher Columbus statues that exist
here in the city?
>> I'm telling you my focus is on
affordability. I'm not thinking about
>> Well, you're not answering the question.
Thank you. You're not answering gave the
finger to the Columbus Day issues come
up. That's what we call a disc.
>> That's right, Mom. Donnie,
>> it's anti-Italian discrimination.
>> Thank you so much, debate, for allowing
me the opportunity to bring in the
Sopranos. Just they're attacking him
over statues now. That's that's how
desperate things have become. Incredible
stuff. So, let me know your thoughts on
this debate on Mamani's performance on
Cuomo, Curtis Leewa, what you expect or
hope out of this race. Let me know your
thoughts in the comments below. If you
enjoyed this video, please hit like and
subscribe and check out some of the
other videos I have on this channel.