What's up everyone? This is Gabby Trades
here and welcome back to the Coin Bureau
trading channel. Today I'm going to show
you the tools that I'm using on my
Trading View charts. It was a highly
requested video actually from you guys
because you don't understand the tools
that I'm using. So that's what we're
going to look at today. But before we
dive in, don't forget to smash that like
button. As usual, make sure to subscribe
if you're new here. welcome and click
this small bell notification so you
always get notified when either me,
Aaron or Dan are on the channel here
with you giving you the latest crypto
alpha. All right, so uh we're going to
jump straight into it.
Okay, so the indicators that I'm
referring to, you can actually find them
in the description box. I was lucky
enough to develop them with Lux Algo. Um
so it's it's called the Liquid Edge Pro
Suit that I'm specifically using. You
can purchase them on a monthly basis,
whatever, or yearly basis. It's just
it's a very very tiny fee to it. But
anyway, so the indicators are the sweep
signals and then you have the liquidity
and you have the fair value gaps, order
blocks, and breaker blocks. All right.
So, um I'm going to give you an example
of how I use this tool. So, we're going
to start with the fair value gaps, order
blocks, and breaker blocks. So, um what
is a fair value gap first of all, right?
So, we discussed that in the previous
video that I did for you uh within uh
the strategy video that I did for you
guys, but again, I'm gonna say it. So,
it's a very impulse move. So, it's
basically a three candle formation in
which the middle candle has been very
impulsive and it has pretty much no
wicks in between the first and the third
candle. So, that is going to mean that
this is our fair value gap over here. So
I used to mark these ones manually but
with the help of the indicators I can
just get them marked on the chart
immediately. So with the order blocks
and breaker blocks what does that mean?
Well basically if you have an impulsive
move to the downside that breaks
previous structure that is going to mean
that you're not now interested
in the last bullish candle in case the
move was bearish.
And then in the bullish scenario, you
you are going to be looking at the last
bullish candle that broke structure to
the upside. So when you put the
indicator on, you can see all of these
areas that are of interest to you
depending on the time frame that you set
um the order blocks to be at. So for
example, I have mine on a daily time
frame, but if I like go around time
frames, they're still going to show me
the daily areas that I'm interested in.
So, for example, right, I'm going to
show you an example of an area, a big
sell area that I was interested in from
which I caught a short on Tabbit over
here. So, uh the short is doing pretty
well actually. I already closed like uh
$320
in profit and I still have like $590
running. So, um this is just to
illustrate to you how I utilize the
indicators for example in that case. Um,
so here we have a massive we had a
massive bearish order block and then I
combined that also with the other
indicators to get that entry, but we're
going to get into that. All right, cool.
So, that's that's pretty much a first
example that I wanted to give you a
quick explanation as well. Um, I know
that the chart is busy with other stuff,
but we're just focusing on the fair
value gaps and on the um order blocks.
And I just want to illustrate you the
previous price action so you guys
understand how these areas are very very
important. And one thing that makes the
the areas even more valid is when you
have a buy zone or when you have a sell
zone in combination with a fair value
gap. So that is going to mean for an
example we're looking at this area over
here. You see how price nicely bounced
from it. So usually what I tend to do is
I tend to mark these areas
as a buy zone. So this is what you see
when I uh when I chart right I say okay
this is my buy zone and over here at the
time of the price action there was a
fair value gap over here you can see it
it is not marked right now because the
indicator is going to show you only the
ones that are most relevant uh currently
but this one has already played out. So
there was a fair value gap within these
three candles and there was also a buy
um order block. So as you can see the
buy from here was very very nice. Now uh
with the current price action we can see
that price has left more sell zones. Um
so yeah that is how you pretty much use
u these order blocks and breaker blocks.
It is really really simple you guys. I
have a more in-depth video on that also
on my main channel which you can find in
the description box as well. So this is
going to be very brief. I have a more
in-depth one on my main YouTube channel
you guys. All right, cool. Um, so that's
that. We're gonna now look into the
sweep signals. So the sweep signals work
on a 4 hour time frame mainly, right? So
on a 4 hour time frame. So literally
like minutes before I started recording
this video, uh the 4hour
um sweep signals are going to give you
usually a current target. So earlier
when I was just planning to start this
video, the target was this low over
here. Now, let's see for Ethereum if we
can actually still see the target to the
downside or is it Oh, yeah. Okay. So,
for ETH, you can still see it right down
here. Let's clear the chart a little bit
more
over here.
Hold on. Like that. So, this is what you
would usually see. So, that's that's an
indicator that is going to show you
where is price currently drawn to. So,
in that case, the 4hour time frame is
going to show you that Ethereum still
would like to come down and take the low
at 3,822
at the time I'm filming this video. Now,
this is based on uh on a very basic
strategy that utilizes the fractal
candle. So, as you can see, some candles
have this little triangle at the top or
at the bottom. That essentially means a
fractal candle. A fractal candle
formation,
just for quick explanation, is usually a
five candle formation on a on a lower
time frame. So, for example, if you're
looking at the 4 hour and if you turn
around, you look at the 30 minute time
frame, you are going to see a five
candle formation at very each fractal
low or fractal high. For example, for
this low that was created with five
candles and they look something like
that.
You would have two candles with u higher
highs over here
or higher lows in that case and then you
would have two more. So essentially the
formation is going to look like that and
this is what is going to make this a
fractal candle. So usually fractal
candles like that tend to be a draw on
liquidity within the current price
action in that case the 4hour time
frame. So this indicator is going to
utilize when a fractal high or low has
been taken and then it's going to
consider the subsequent close of the
4hour candle. In that case uh that was
probably bearish over here. You can see
it that probably is actually pretty much
happened. So over here you have a sweep
of the fractal low and then you have a
bearish close after that which means
that price is going to target the
following um fractal candle. In that
case, it was within the current price
action that occurred. And if that wasn't
the case,
usually price is going to price was
previously targeting this low, right?
But when price is strong, it tends to
develop fractal candles as it is
trading. So now that is not only showing
us that this is the target to the
downside instead of all the way down
here but it's also showing us that price
is starting to regain some sort of
strength some so all of this are uh very
important datas for us to consider. So
that's why I really love this indicator
and it's giving me a very quick
orientation bias related in terms of
price action. if I'm trading let's say
the 15minut time frame. All right, so
that's with the sweep signals. Now my
favorite one actually I love all of them
but I really really like the liquidity
indicator.
So the liquidity indicator is basically
going to show you formations of weak
highs and weak lows and that is just
such an amazing extra confirmation of
when you know price is dropping to the
downside but it leaves liquidity to the
upside. So for you to know, okay, this
is a very very strong draw on liquidity.
And usually, by the way, if you go ahead
and look at the liquidations area, this
indicator is going to actually be so
precise in where the massive
liquidations areas sit on the chart. So
I don't even need to look at um the heat
maps anymore.
Um all right. So basically, how is this
formed? Well, uh it's a triangular
formation where um the low was a higher
low for example in um in the up scenario
and then that makes u this a weak high.
Now why is this a weak high? Well, we're
going to look at it a little bit more in
depth. So basically this low was
responsible for this high and then once
we had this high responsible for this
low, this low didn't take the previous
low. So that now automatically makes
this high a weak high. You're going to
see the same example to the downside and
you're going to always see how these
areas are targeted like um almost
immediately and when they're not such as
for Ethereum for example we're seeing
that around 5,000 that's a liquidity
that's left behind. It is a very very
good signal. Now uh something that's
very very cool is that you can see these
indicators working on a higher time
frame as well right so like very very
higher time frame so let's say I want to
give you an example of a double
formation liquidity which I know AVAC
has uh which is very exciting you can
also see it on for example on polka dot
like on dot there is a high time frame
double liquidity formation so for
example when you see the double
liquidity formation like This
what happens mostly the knob is that
price tend to come and pick one side
right is picking one side of the
liquidity whether the upside or the
downside in that case price decided to
come and sweep the lower liquidity and
now this is a confirmation to some
extent of course price can just come
down and retest that area many times
that price is going to bounce back and
come to seek the liquidity at around
65.7
levels for AVAX. So, that is pretty cool
because you can see it on a higher time
frame and on a lower time frame as well.
But one thing that I really really love
about the liquidity indicator is that
it's going to give you areas of support
and resistance which are very very
important. So, for example, when these
formations happen,
right, let's clear this chart a little
bit. When these formations happen,
price is going to leave support and
resistance areas. So when you see on my
chart that I have levels like that
marked, what I tend to do is mark them
on a daily time frame using the
liquidity indicator. Mark them on a
weekly time frame, always a high time
frame if I'm looking for an overall,
let's say, weekly bias, monthly bias, or
whatever. So these support and
resistance areas are going to be
extremely important for me. So over here
for example, we can see that we had one
on the weekly time frame.
So what I tend to do is I usually mark
them like that. And I know that this
area is highly likely to be a holding
area right for price. Same thing applies
for for example for up here when we had
this liquidity uh formation and now this
turned into support/resistance
area for us for continuation buys and
then the colors of the um of these lines
are going to show you the scenarios as
well. Um let's not focus on the colors
too much. You just need to focus on the
areas. And as you can see here, I had an
entry on AVAX that was pretty much super
sniper because I was looking for a
retest of the most recent liquidity, not
one that was left months ago. They're
equally important, by the way, whether
they're from five months ago or whether
they're from five weeks ago. Um, it's
pretty much the same thing, but then
this is what I was looking at. I was
looking at for price to break this
liquidity and then to retest it nicely
so I can enter into a long position over
here. All right, so these are pretty
much the three indicators that I wanted
to show you guys and again
most importantly you can find them in
the description box and like I said make
sure to check Tabbit as well. They have
amazing bonuses for up to $32,200
in bonuses. Of course, Coinb is getting
the best deals for you guys. So, make
sure to check in the description box.