I didn't count a single calorie. I just
ate this every single day. It's not
trendy. It's not expensive. And it's not
what the fitness world pushes. But it
helped drop me to 14% body fat fast. And
it keeps me at 14% body fat year round.
Look, I was overweight, obese once, too.
But here is how I turned it all around.
For 23 years, I was obese physically,
mentally. I suffered with erectile
dysfunction, inflammation, back pain,
weight loss resistance, depression, high
blood sugar, and high blood pressure.
Here are some photos of me in my early
20s. Now, I carried the weight well, but
this was considered obese. After I
applied what I'm about to show you, in 9
months, I went from 250 lbs to 170 lbs.
You can see the before and after on
YouTube. 34% body fat to 6% body fat.
And then I tested out this approach on
thousands of people and that's what I'm
going to share with you right now. Okay,
let's start right here. This is the food
that changed everything. What I started
to do was actually eat more fat to lose
fat, but it had to be the right healthy
fats. So many people think fat makes you
fat. That can be true if it's
inflammatory fats, but there's a set of
anti-inflammatory fats I started eating
every day that helped my body melt fat.
These fats helped me feel full and
satisfied. They stabilized my blood
sugar and insulin, and they helped my
body unlock this switch to fat burning
metabolism. Okay, here are the fats I
started eating every day and I continue
to eat every day to stay lean year
round. Grass-fed beef and lamb, wild
caught salmon, pasture-raised eggs with
a yolk, avocados, half an avocado a day,
extra virgin olive oil. I take a shot of
that every single day or sometimes
drizzle that on my avocado with sea
salt. in raw organic nuts like pecans,
macadamia nuts, and something called
peely nuts. When I was overweight, I
feared fat. I bought low-fat everything,
fat-free everything. But once I flipped
that belief and embraced these healthy
fats, my belly fat started to melt away.
Same thing will happen to you. Okay. The
next thing I did was I had a strategic
carbohydrate strategy. I kept my total
carbohydrates and I keep it under 50
total grams of carbs per day on most
days with the exception of Sunday. Why?
Because when you lower your carbs, you
lower blood sugar and you lower insulin.
This is the key. So many people are on
chat GPT. They're on Google searching
for how do I lose weight? That's the
wrong question. The question is should
be how do I lower insulin? When you
lower insulin, you unlock fat burning.
When you lower insulin, you start
melting visceral fat. When you lower
insulin, you have amazing energy levels.
And carbohydrates will spike glucose and
insulin way more than protein and fat.
Check out this graph right here. This is
a study showing the blood insulin
response from carbohydrates, protein,
and fat. And I know many of you are
listening on the Metabolic Freedom
Podcast, but what we're looking at here
is that carbohydrates will raise blood
insulin higher, way more than protein
and fat. As a matter of fact, protein
very small response. Fat barely moves
the needle on insulin. So, by simply
capping your total carbohydrates under
50 grams per day, and those carbs are
coming from non- starchy carbohydrates,
green leafy vegetables, low glycemic
fruits like blueberries, you're going to
lower insulin and burn fat. But you
don't have to do this every single day.
Here's something I do on Sundays. I flex
out and I actually have a higher healthy
carb day. This works for many reasons.
Number one, it mixes things up. Your
metabolism has to adapt. This is the key
to sustainable fat loss. Number two, you
don't feel restricted like you can never
have carbs for the rest of your life. So
on this day, I have white rice, fruit,
sweet potatoes, masa chips. I have
healthy carbohydrates. But here's the
key. On a high carb day, like a Sunday,
it's a lowfat day. There's no need to
have those fats I mentioned earlier on a
high carb day. You don't want high carb,
highfat. So, I actually cap my total fat
at 50 gram or less, and I consume 150 g
of carbs on that feast day. This sort of
carb cycling approach keeps your
metabolism flexible. It prevents
plateaus and stalls, and it actually
feels pretty good to carb up for a day.
Okay, the third thing that I did is I
started to move intentionally. No, I
didn't sign up for a gym membership and
work out 60 minutes a day. As a matter
of fact, I didn't spend any hours at the
gym, any hours on a treadmill, or hours
outside running and jogging. None of
that actually works. I simply just
started walking every day. And I to this
day walk every day. I personally aim to
get around 10 to 14,000 steps a day. And
the key is that you want to walk go for
a 30 minute walk after your biggest meal
of the day, which is typically dinner.
You get the most fat loss benefits
there. But walking lowers postprandial
glucose, the blood sugar spike after
eating. Walking helps you burn fat and
prevents you from getting cravings like
a hour at the gym. Now, if you add in
some sprinting or some resistance
training for just a couple times a week
with those 10 to 14,000 steps a day,
your body will actively be in a fat
burning state. Body fat percentage will
drop day by day. You'll start to melt
fat and have energy and feel incredible.
Which brings me to the fourth thing I
started doing, sprints, strategic
sprints. Twice a week I do this and this
keeps me lean, energized, and resilient
year round. And I want you to adopt the
same principle. So I simply do this. I
sprint all out effort for 20 seconds.
I'm running, but you could do cycling on
a bicycle or swimming. You just want to
make sure it's an allout 20 second
effort. Like you're running for your
life, like a lion is chasing you, a
tiger is chasing you. 20 second all-out
sprint. Then you lay down on the ground
on your back for 90 seconds. So what
happens here is you're activating your
sympathetic nervous system while you
sprint. You lie down and then you go
into a parasympathetic rest. And you do
that, let's consider that one round, the
20 second sprint and the 90 second
recovery. That's one round. You do three
rounds of that in one workout just twice
a week. That will cause your belly fat
to melt off. that will actually help you
produce nitric oxide which lowers blood
pressure, lowers blood sugar, prevents
cardiovascular disease or I should say
lowers your risk of cardiovascular
disease. All good things. You torch fat
and improve your health outcome at the
same time. And what it also does, it
boosts hormone health like growth
hormone and testosterone and improves
cardiovascular health. The fifth thing I
did was I started to track the right
metrics. Unfortunately, people are only
tracking the number on the scale. But I
have news for you. The weight on your
scale, the number on your scale, the
scale is a damn liar. I stopped
obsessing over the scale. Those numbers
can lie. And I started focusing on the
following metrics. My body fat
percentage. There's different ways to
track your body fat percentage. There
are calipers that you can buy on Amazon.
Somebody needs to do this for you where
they measure different sites in your
body and you get a percentage. It's not
the easiest way to do it because you
have to have somebody do it for you.
There are also bio impedance machines.
Now, I do use this and it's not 100%
accurate, but it's like 90 95% accurate,
but it gives you an idea of your
baseline and trends. And it's very easy
to do. You stand on a device, grab the
handles, uh, extend your arms, and it in
a minute or two, it gives you a body fat
percentage. And it also tells you how
much lean mass you have. It's pretty
good. So, I use an inbody scan for this.
You can buy it on Amazon. I'll drop a
link for it down below. There's also a
DEXA scan, which is the most accurate
way where you actually find a facility
that has a DEXA scan. You do that maybe
every 30 or 60 or 90 days, and that is a
very accurate way to test body fat. It's
just something you can't do at home. I
also paid attention to how my clothes
fit. I also paid attention to my energy
levels. Oh my gosh, my energy crashes in
the afternoon started to go away. I paid
attention to my skin complexion,
digestion, my sleep. These are all what
I call non-scale victories and they're
way more important than number on the
scale because as you you're not really
looking to lose weight. You're looking
to lose body fat. There's a big
difference. Things like Ozic, you lose
weight. Calorie counting, you lose
weight. Dieting, you lose weight. But a
percentage of that is muscle. Especially
with ompic about 38 to 50% of the weight
that is lost is muscle loss. You don't
want to lose muscle. You don't want to
lose weight. You want to lose body fat.
So that's why the scale could lie. It
could be deceptive, especially as you're
building lean muscle mass with this
protocol. Muscle weighs more than fat.
So you might drop 3% body fat in, let's
say, the next 30 or 60 days, which is
awesome, but the scale might stay the
same. And if you're not paying attention
to these metrics, you might be thinking,
damn, this is not working. Ben's
approach is he's a liar. It may work for
him, but it didn't work for me. Well,
it's working for you. Pay attention to
these nonscale victories. I would
recommend only standing on the scale
every 30 to 60 days. Not every day, not
every week. It'll drive you crazy. And
the next thing I did is I started to
celebrate small wins. I I'm a big
believer that small tweaks lead to giant
peaks. In other words, I talk about this
in my latest book, Metabolic Freedom.
One tweak a week. One tweak a week. I
didn't overhaul everything all at once.
I wouldn't recommend that for you
either. I started with small, doable
changes. For example, I swapped seed
oils, vegetable oils for healthier fats.
Right? This is a simple thing you can do
right away to lower inflammation and
burn fat. So, I removed canola, corn,
cotton seed oil, sunflower, soybean,
safflower oil, rice brand oil, grape
seed oil. These are called seed oils,
vegetable oils. I removed them.
Actually, I swapped those out for
avocado oil, olive oil, butter, ghee,
beef tallow, coconut oil. That simple
swap helped a lot. It'll help you once I
master that. Then I I said, "Okay, now
I'm going to walk 30 minutes after my
biggest meal of the day." Then I started
doing that. Then I said, "Okay, I'm
going to only have protein and fat for
breakfast. No more carbs." Okay, you can
see how you just gain momentum and you
get more confidence. You make that tweak
a week and you build serious momentum
for some sustainable results. And I'll
give you some bonus hacks, bonus tips
that have helped me over the years. I
stay hydrated with high quality spring
water and minerals. I think we're so
mineral deficient, which causes a lack
of energy, messes up your metabolism.
So, high quality minerals with water
every single day. I started to
incorporate fasting. A 24-hour fast once
a week is a great strategy to stay lean
and energized throughout the year. And I
took vitamin G every single day. Now,
this is something you can do right away.
Vitamin G is anti-inflammatory. Helps
with the cortisol belly, which is belly
fat. It helps with your mood. It helps
with blood sugar according to UC Davis
and blood pressure. It also helps to
extend your lifespan according to a
study from Harvard published in Jamma.
Now vitamin G I don't have a link for I
don't have a coupon code for because
vitamin G it's vitamin gratitude. It's
the feeling of gratitude. All those
benefits are when you feel gratitude. So
every morning I write down and I think
about what I'm grateful for and I
recommend you do the same thing. And
then the last thing that I did here
before I give you the biggest lesson is
I started to really track my sleep. And
I realized that when I'm getting enough
deep and REM sleep, I feel like a rock
star the next day. And it's so much
easier to just drop melt body fat. And I
have found that if I'm not getting
quality sleep, deep and REM sleep, I
could be doing all these other things
and the fat loss is just so slow. So I
started to track my sleep with an Aura
ring. And I'll drop a link for an Aura
Ring down below. You could also use an
Apple Watch, a Fitbit, a Whoop band,
whatever metric you want to track. But
when I started getting 90 minutes of
deep sleep and 90 minutes of REM sleep
every night, oh my gosh, it was so easy
to burn fat and drop my body fat
percentage. It'll be easy for you. So, I
started to avoid food at least 3 hours
before bed. That bumped up my deep and
REM sleep. I turned the thermostat in my
bedroom to 65° F. That bumped up my deep
sleep. I started to wear mouth tape
which helped me breathe through my nose.
That bumped up my deep and REM sleep. I
wore a sleep mask and earplugs. These
are things you can do as well. And I'll
drop a link for the mouth tape I use
down below. But if you're tracking your
sleep, get 90 minutes of deep and REM
sleep and you'll be in a fat burning
state 247. Look, here's the biggest
lesson. Going from 34% body fat at my
highest to 6% body fat at my lowest and
maintaining 14% in my 40s year round
wasn't about punishment. It wasn't about
willpower. It wasn't about obsessing
over calories and macros. I wasn't
starving myself. It was about removing
the interference. It was about
alignment. It was about fueling my body
with real food, moving daily, feeling
gratitude, and getting deep restorative
sleep. Look, I believe if I can do it,
you can do it. Don't get caught up in
quick fads and dietary trends. Focus on
the principles that last a lifetime. And
on that note, before I get to your
questions here, I'm going to be
outlining even more of a deeper protocol
because, as I mentioned, I apply this
for myself, but I've also taken 10,000
plus people through this protocol, and
I've learned a lot. So, I'm putting
together this free live master class
where I'll teach you even deeper on the
exact steps here to get longlasting
results. This works better than Osmpic,
better than dieting. And on this master
class, which is live on Zoom, I'll be
answering your actual questions live on
the call. So, go to meltyourfat.com to
reserve your free spot. Or if you're
watching on YouTube, grab your phone and
scan the QR code or click the first link
in the description box below to reserve
your spot. I can't wait to see you on
there. Now, let's get to your questions.
How do you keep carbs under 50 grams
without feeling deprived? Well, when you
increase those healthy fats and increase
high quality protein, you're going to
feel satiated. You're going to rewire
your pallet. Uh, and how do you know if
you're going over that carbohydrate
threshold? You would have to use a free
tracker. I use chronometer. If you go to
chronometer.com/
ketoamp, you could download it for free.
You simply just input what you eat and
it tells you exactly how many carbs
you're having per day. Do you still walk
10,000 steps even on days you do sprints
or gym workouts? I do. That's a standard
for me to get every single day. When I
travel, it's a bit harder. So, I'm
walking around the airport. I'm walking
around the hotel lobby. I'm walking
outside of the hotel, but I do aim to
get that every single day. What were the
first changes you noticed when you
started eating more fat? I noticed that
I didn't feel sluggish after meals. I
didn't get the afternoon energy crash
and I had more stable energy levels
throughout the entire day. Uh, less of a
reliance on caffeine and stimulants. Is
there a best time of day to do sprints
for fat burning? There is. I'll tell you
the worst time. You don't want to do
sprinting at night. You don't want to
exercise as at night because you don't
want to activate your nervous system,
your sympathetic nervous system right
before bed. Not a good idea. The morning
is the best time, especially if you do
it on an empty stomach. Now, I
understand for some people that might be
very difficult in the beginning, but as
you get more metabolically flexible,
doing those sprints on an empty stomach
in the morning will probably two to
three times your results here. That's
what I would recommend. I hope this
lesson was valuable. Please share it
with somebody you know. Thanks for
watching. Thanks for listening. And I'll
see you on my fat loss master class over
at meltyourfat.com.
And if you love this lesson, I want you
to watch a previous lesson I just
published that's going viral on the
number one cause of obesity and weight
gain. And it's not sugar, it's not
carbs, it's something else. Here's a
clip. I'll see you in that lesson. And
what's interesting about that amount of
health care spend, 4.6 trillion. One out
of every $4 is spent on diabetes,
primarily type 2, which is 100%
preventable and 100% reversible. And get
this, only two countries in the entire
world allow pharmaceutical companies to
advertise on