I stopped turning my shoulders and hit
every club longer. In this video, I'm
going to be showing you the simple
adjustment that makes it so much easier
to add distance to every club in your
bag. And it's all about learning when to
not turn your shoulders. If you are new
to the channel, welcome. I'm Harry, a
golf swing specialist, posting content
every single week to help people like
yourself watching this video lower their
scores. So, if you enjoy this one,
consider clicking that subscribe button
and pressing that bell icon to all so
you don't miss out on any single upload.
So, what are the shoulders meant to do
in the golf swing? Well, they're meant
to rotate in a way that allows us to get
a combination of lateral motion as well
as tilting motion to take place all the
way up to the top of the back swing.
allows us to set the club in a really
nice set position with our arms here for
the down swing to take place. But what a
lot of golfers make the mistake of
believing is that during the down swing,
the shoulders need to come back round on
this same motion. And they do. They are
correct. But it's the feel versus real.
What it feels like to them isn't
actually what happens in their golf
swing. Whenever we try and get the
shoulders to take place to get loads of
speed, what tends to happen is the
shoulders get too lateral and we end up
throwing our trail shoulder out this
away rather than maintaining this angle
here on the way through. So whenever we
throw this shoulder outwards, where are
our arms and the golf club going to
travel? They're going to travel in the
golf swing over the top. We're going to
get too steep onto the golf ball. we're
going to struggle to create room to hit
the golf ball effortlessly. And that's
where all those bad shots take place,
those slices, those hooks, and that's
where we're struggling to get distance.
It's hard to commit to any golf shot if
we're getting this move to take place in
the down swing. So, the question is, how
can we change this? And the key to this
is not turning your shoulders in the
down swing. So, we're getting up to the
top of the swing as normal, getting that
rotation to take place all the way up to
the top of the golf swing. And we've
just said there over the top shoulder
starting the down swing isn't good. So,
we need to stop this. And if we stop
this, look how much room we have now to
allow the hands and club to start to
shallow. That's the difference. If
you're someone out there at the moment
that's struggling with that two-way miss
or that over-the-top down swing move,
it's because you're turning your
shoulders way, way too early. So the
feeling you need in your head is to stop
turning the shoulders in the down swing.
Allow the hands to come down instead
just like this here. You'll see a lot of
tour players practice this. One in
particular, Justin Rose, as he said that
as he gets to the top of his golf swing,
he struggles with over rotating the
body, over rotating the shoulders,
causing the club to get out in front. So
once he gets that feeling from the top
of his golf swing to stop turning and
keep those shoulders closed for a lot
longer, that allows him to feel and get
the club working on a shallower motion.
And shallowing the golf club is so
important with any golf club, in
particular the driver if you're looking
for more distance simply because it
allows us to get that upward motion onto
the golf ball. Whereas we go this way,
we get too steep and hit too far down on
the golf ball. So how can you delay the
shoulders? How can you stop turning the
shoulders in your down swing? So what I
want you to start off with is taking the
club across your shoulders like this
here. And when you take your stance
ready to make that turn into the back
swing, what I want you to remember from
the top of the golf swing here is we
want to keep this club shaft nice and
still. We want to keep this club shaft
nice and still and just allow
for us just to squat that ever so
slightly here. Now, you can see as I
start to do that there, I'm initiating
that down swing sequence. I'm starting
that down swing sequence from the lower
body rather than the upper body. So, if
I was to take a club and show you how
that looks from the get-go, as I get to
the top of my swing here, and I start to
feel that squatting sensation, I'm just
going to allow my arms, hands, and golf
club just to move down where they want
to from this position. We can see there
what happens. The club naturally starts
to shallow. So that's how we should be
transitioning into the down swing,
allowing pressure into the feet, more
pressure into the feet, and that's what
delays those shoulders because we're
focusing on a different body part. So
practicing this with the club across the
shoulders, turning up air versus slight
squat. Then we can allow ourselves to
rotate up and through. But make sure
that when you do this, that the club end
or the butt end of the club, depending
on which way you've got this golf club,
is pointing at the golf ball. is
pointing at the golf ball as we make our
way through
to finish. Now, that's when you practice
this with the club across your
shoulders, of course. But when you take
the driver or any golf club, in fact,
and practice this in an actual golf
swing, it should feel relatively easy to
do. So in stages with the golf club, how
I would focus on this is going one to
the top, two down, where I'm just
allowing that ever so slight squat,
literally tiny squat, half an inch I
would say, of a squatting move there,
just to initiate that down swing, but at
the same time, I'm allowing my hands to
fall down towards the right foot. You
can see how close my shoulders are here.
I'm not turning those whatsoever. Well,
it doesn't feel like I'm turning them at
all anyway. And as I'm making my way
through,
just simply up and through from there.
So that's how I want you to practice
this. That's how I want you to build
this up into one motion. Focus on those
three stages, then gradually build it up
into an all-in-one motion golf swing.
And look at that little bit of a draw
shape on that one as well. We'll
certainly take that one straight down
the middle. So that right there is
simply how I would recommend you
practicing this using the longer golf
clubs in particular the driver. But we
all know that the irons and the driver
work differently. One we hit up on the
golf ball and the others we hit down on
the golf ball. So is there any
differences in particular? Well, there's
one and I'm going to dive into that
right now in a sec for the bonus tip. So
stick around. But just quickly, if you
are enjoying the content and would like
more personalized coaching to suit your
needs, I do offer inperson and online
lessons. So, feel free to check out the
links in the description below if you'd
like to learn more information about
that. So, I've placed the ball here as
close as I can to where my T-shot
finished. I've got quite a long way to
the hole here, so I'm going to hit a
good four iron and hopefully that
reaches. But the question is, how can I
ensure of a center strike? Because I'm
not going to be able to get there
without it. Well, there's one thing that
we do differently with irons and driver.
We hit down on the golf ball with our
irons. So, at some point during the down
swing phase, there has to be some sort
of ever so slightly more shift forward
to allow for the lowest part of the golf
swing to get past the golf ball. For
this to take place, what I want you to
do is to get to the top of your golf
swing and simply rehearse the same
movement. You're going to get to the
top, feel an ever so slight squat down,
and you're allowing those hands to fall
down like so, delaying that shoulder
turn. At the same time, what I want you
to try is allowing the pressure to start
to shift onto the lead foot. If we can
allow that pressure, that ever so slight
shift as we're delaying this shoulder
turn, as we're stopping the shoulder
turn, in fact, and we're squatting down,
we're just allowing more pressure rather
than to be sort of 50/50 for the driver,
we're allowing it to be more like 70%
onto the lead side when hitting an iron.
What that does is it allows us here to
get ever so slightly forward so that as
we start to turn into the down swing,
we're already forward. So, we're more
likely to hit down on the golf ball. So,
practicing that all in one motion there.
Down
and through. And I really hit the ground
on that one. So, hopefully on this shot,
I hit the ground after the golf ball and
get that good strike that we're looking
for. Let's see. Pressure's on here.
You know what? I hit that one very well.
So, I'm going to be very pleased with
that, I reckon. Yeah. I mean, I'll
certainly take that second shot hit
today. No retakes at all. Not as if I do
them anyway. So, how can you then hit
the ball straight? Well, if you've come
this far and enjoyed this video and
found it useful, I'd highly recommend
checking out this one over here to the
left hand side of your screen, which
will talk to you about a simple way that
you can hit driver straight every single
time. And you can also apply this to the
irons as