Hi everyone, welcome. Thank you very
much for joining me here. I'm Mike in
case you're new. I don't cover just
IPOs, okay? So, you want to subscribe.
All right, just do it. Do it.
>> Hit the subscribe button. It's not just
about IPOs. Let me know how your weekend
is going. It is Saturday today at the
time of me recording this YouTube video.
My son, we got him a drone, a small one,
and uh he wanted to fly it. And I told
him, look, you know what? Let me take
over uh let me handle this for the first
time. Let me show you. And that ended up
screwing up big time. I got to admit,
you know, you don't fly these things
without reading directions on how to use
them. I ended up making it go up and
then I don't know what happened. I just
it just kept traveling far far away up
high to the mountain and it wouldn't
come back. I don't know. I was pressing
all kinds of I don't know whatever. I
screwed up and it just went and crashed.
Okay, enough with that. So, this YouTube
video is about a company that has nearly
done a 90, let's say, percent gain so
far. Don't tell me I didn't warn you
because I did. I have done a YouTube
video about them in the past. And if you
were in the Discord, you would have
known about it even much earlier. This
company has still has, in my personal
opinion, another 500% gain to do. Maybe
if you're new to watching my YouTube
video and this is the first video you're
watching, you're probably going to be
like, you know, okay, another YouTuber
promising 500% gain. What a loser.
Okay, no one's a loser. Nobody. Um, but
there are companies that grow, right?
They're not done growing. You know, just
because the stock went up 90% doesn't
mean it's over. Like, could you have
said that for Microsoft, Apple, Google,
Palunteer, right? Some companies have
the product offering, the innovation,
and um I guess you can say being at the
right place at the right time. But
before I get to that, first of all, I
want to show you guys amazing amazing
amazing results. Super amazing results
and I'm proud of it because this is
something that I've been working with
some people and we've built this thing
and it's turning out awesome. And that
is our stock wizard AI over on our
Discord, which is not financial advice.
This YouTube video is not financial
advice. And if you are ever planning on
signing up to my Discord, Patreon to use
our stock wizard AI tool, it is not
financial advice. You still have to do
your own due diligence. Here's some
examples. Our tech nerd AI bot. He told
us that ARBK is a buy at 34 cents, which
was at the time, you know, that was what
it was trading at the time, and it gave
us an 85 out of 100. It is now at 41
cents, nearly 42 cents. I think it it
also hit 44 cents yesterday. Our bull
screener AI bot for back on August 29,
2025 told us when Hive was $2.94
that it is a strong buy. Today it's at
$446. We also had a 100 out of 100
recommendation strong buy for ticker
symbol SHOT shot when it was trading 28.
Today it is at 40 cents. We had a
recommendation of buy on September 30th,
2025 for DFLI at 62. I also did a
YouTube video for DFLI when it was 69.
Yesterday, DFLI reached $1.93.
Ticket symbol NRO when it was $441.
Stock Wizard AI says is a buy. It went
to 725 yesterday. How about ticket
symbol THA when it was $3.18. It's now
at4.76. How about EO NR when it was at
36 cents, it's now 55 cents. And if
you're not into technical analysis, AI
bots, and whatever they think, and
you're interested in more of a
long-term, plenty of that over on our
Discord/Patre, because I am also a huge
fan of long-term investment that makes
up pretty much the majority of my
investments. Anyways, here's something
that I had told my members back on
October 1st, 2025. Ticket symbol INDA,
an exchange trading fund focused on the
Indian economy. It was trading at
$48.93. I pretty much explained more. I
mean, this is just I cut off the the
rest, but anyways, right now it is at
52.45. If you want to join us over on
Patreon/ Discord, the link is at the
bottom of your screen. It will be in the
comment section below and it's always in
the description of my YouTube videos.
Please note that, and I'm not saying
this to get anyone to rush. You don't
have to rush. You don't even have to
sign up at all. You could just follow
this channel and that's perfect. And
following this channel is free. You
know, you hit the subscribe button, hit
the notification bell, right? So that's
that. But if you do want to sign up on
our Discord/Patreon,
it will be seriously limited in the
amount of people from here on going in
due to the insane amount of new members
we're getting. The total number has
grown by a lot. And let's just say that
in order to get AI to work and to
provide us with a plethora with a huge
amount of financial AI bots, we have 35
of them. Um, and the information that
comes with it, it costs a lot of money.
Um, and that's not really the biggest
problem. It is the network issue that is
getting out of control. But for now, it
is fine. It can handle the amount of
people that we have. So, I will be
limiting the amount of people that are
coming in. So, let's talk about that $6
stock that has plenty plenty of room to
grow. On August 5th, 2025, as you can
see right here over on my Discord, I had
posted live at that time to let
everybody know that I am buying Lumn at
what was currently at that time $3.72.
A little while after, I also made a
YouTube video for everybody at $442
calling the stock one of the best stocks
to invest in for the long term, but
obviously it's not financial advice.
Those are opinions personally speaking
for me. Today, Lumen is trading at
$6.57.
Is AI the future going forward? Or will
AI be just a hype that will fade and
will go away and the world will move on
and we'll look back 30 years from now
and say, "Wow, can't believe people were
excited on this stupid AI thing." No, AI
is going to be for the good or bad the
future permanently in everybody's life
going forward. And it's only going to
intensify more. But AI needs a lot of
things in order for AI to grow,
intensify, become more powerful than
what it is now, which sounds scary.
Technology could be really good for
people. It's people that make technology
bad because of the way we use it, but
I'm not going to get into that sub, you
know, that talk right now. Anyways, in
order for AI to grow and become what it
wants to become and offer what its
potentials are, which are unlimited, it
needs data centers. It needs fiber optic
networks. It needs energy. It needs
security. It needs a lot of things,
right? When it comes to data centers, we
need this company. We need Lumen. Lumen
is the company that's going to connect
all the data centers and bring the AI
all over the place. It has the largest
fiber network, underground fiber network
in the United States. They're also
involved in security and a bunch of
other things. On September 23, 2025,
they had a conference where the where
they highlighted the AI era
transformation and path to growth at
analyst forum. Now, that analyst forum
is super critical. If you're interested
in even thinking about investing in
Lumen, you're going to want to watch it.
It's online and I'll show you in a
little bit where very super powerful.
But some of the things they highlighted
in that uh analyst forum was building
the backbone for AI economy. Um so they
have a physical network like I said
designed for scale, speed and security.
They have the largest physical network.
I repeat delivering connectivity
anywhere and for everything customers
want. Also cloudifying and agentifying
telecom to reduce complexity and
creating connected ecosystem.
>> Hey everyone, I'm Dave Ward. I'm the
chief technology and products officer
and I'm here with my colleague and
friend Nat who's our chief security
officer. Cyber security awareness month
is also critical for our customers as
well. What are some of the things we're
doing and some of the products we have
that that our customers should be using?
Our blacklist lab is our threat
intelligence platform that really looks
at threat activity at scale and
understand what's coming towards us or
our customers and we use that to help
defend proactively against it.
>> And that's really for malware and
malware type attacks. But we also have
distributed to service uh products out
there and traditional security products,
firewalls, SIMs, XDRs, I mean whole
gambit in solution and suite. Um what
becomes really interesting also is that
the Black Lives Labs team also has a
research analyst for hire where
enterprises can work with us to ask
specific questions about their security
vulnerabilities or even attacks.
[Music]
As we saw, Lumen had on September 23 an
analyst forum where they talked about
the growth ahead, the transformation of
the company. And I highly suggest that
you watch all the YouTube videos to find
out more about them, which are here over
on Lumen's YouTube channel. And these uh
eight YouTube videos, I highly suggest
that people watch them if you're
interested to invest in Lumen. So we
know that Lumen has situated themselves
in the AI era and what a better time
like I said in the right time the right
place. Uh they are growing very fast. Um
recently they did have a partnership
with Palunteers. So that's nothing you
know small to look at. I'm not going to
analyze too much about Lumen since I've
already done a YouTube video about them
and you can watch that previous YouTube
video. But when I look at Lumen, the
product offerings, the physical network
that they have, the critical and
strategic role that they will play, that
they are going to be the backbone of AI.
And then when I look at the stock, which
honestly in my personal opinion, maybe
you don't agree, but when I'm looking at
the stock, I'm looking at just the stock
itself as a stock compared to what the
company is and where they're going, it's
highly undervalued, rock bottom prices.
And that to me tells me and because you
know smart money is not stupid um that
the stock can only grow. And when I when
I first figured that out when it was at
372 today it's at 657. It's proving me
at least for the time being that I was
right. And I still give personally
speaking right. I'm not saying this is
for you but I still rate Lumen at
current price a buy. In fact I give it a
strong buy. But it's just my opinion and
I'm not an analyst. Keep in mind that
Lumen has earnings on November 4th,
2025, which personally speaking for me,
it's post market by the way in the after
hours. I am bullish, but that's just me
because I'm invested in the company.
When I check with my stock wizard AI
over on my Discord using the oscillator
command, our oscillator AI, bull market
watch oscillator timma lumn, he gives me
all this information here. Not going to
go through it all. Let's just look at
this recommendation strong buy and it's
giving me the chart the current your so
lumin is right up here. Um the signal
line the signal line for us when we use
the oscillator command is that whenever
the stock goes that's how it's
programmed um that if the stock goes
under the signal line it's bearish. We
have also the dynamic risk assessment AI
and when I ran that on Lumen it's fine.
I mean the risk level is low. So, as you
can see here, it gives me a low level of
risk, 38.8 out of 100. There's more
information obviously here, the the
negatives and the positives. More
information here. I'm not going to go
through it all because it's going to
take forever. Just a couple of days ago,
we also had this news that Lumen
accelerates multi-billion dollar network
expansion to meet soaring AI demand. So,
the company on Monday announced a
multi-billion dollar build with plans to
add 34 million new intercity fiber miles
by the end of 2028 for a total 47
million intercity fiber miles.
Construction efforts are underway and so
on. And with that being said, I'm going
to stop the video here because, you
know, dragging the video too long is
boring. And if you want to join our
Discord/Patreon to use our stock wizard,
which has tons of AI bots, we have about
34. Each one has their own little work
to do. One is uh for technical analysis,
the other is for short-term, the other
is for long-term, the other is for risk
assessment and blah blah blah. If you
want to join us, the link will be in the
comment section below. I wish you guys
all the best and take care.
[Music]