Crypto owners, listen up. I'm a
registered tax agent in Australia. And
here's the truth. There are no special
tax rules or rates for crypto. It's not
just CGT. In this video, I will reveal
how Australian cryptocurrency tax really
works for all holders. Break down a
major Treasury tax amendment on whether
crypto is treated as money. Uncover the
global tracking program. The ATL is
launching in just 94 days to spy on your
crypto worldwide and give you tips on
how to legally reduce crypto taxes by at
least 50%.
Hi, if you're new here, I'm Veronica.
Just a quick disclaimer, this video is
for general educational purposes only,
not personal advice. First, let's
understand how the ATO track every
crypto trade. So, the ATO has been
monitoring and collecting crypto data
from all Australian exchanges,
blockchain analysis tools, and global
tax authorities to trace your KYC, every
buy and sell, transaction history,
wallet addresses, and account balance
going as far back as 2014. The AT also
uses data matching programs to compare
your disposal reporting against
information provided by brokers and
banks to order if it matches or has
discrepancies. So if you've got any
crypto gains you haven't reported, it's
smart to report that now. Individuals
have up to two years from the date of
the issue of notice of assessment to
amend or revise the returns. Now from 1
of January 2027, the ATO and the OECD
countries will implement the new crypto
asset reporting framework, CAF. CAV will
require foreign crypto exchanges to
report every crypto trade transaction
and personal identification details.
This applies globally across all
participating jurisdictions. And by
2027, this data will be shared
automatically with global tax
authorities like the IRS, HMRC, CRA,
IRD, etc. to enforce transparency and
tax compliance. Now, how does the ATO
treat cryptocurrency?
So the latest Treasury Laws Amendment
2022
measures number four act 2023
being a federal law that has been passed
clarifies that digital currencies are
not issued by an Australian or foreign
government within the meaning of the
income tax assessment act 1997.
In simple words, digital assets are not
treated Australian or foreign money
under division 775 foreign exchange
rules. That means crypto tokens, EFTs,
and digital assets are treated as
property like shares and not as money.
Now, there's a lot of noise about
Bitcoin or crypto being tax-free because
of a magistrate's preliminary ruling
involving a former AFP officer who stole
81ish bitcoins. Let's clear that up.
Section 109 of our constitution says,
"If state and federal laws conflict,
federal laws prevalent
the inconsistency." We all know that the
state's magistrates and supreme courts
issue rulings under state laws but
upholds federal law supremacy. That's
how the Australian court hierarchy
works. Seriously, with the present
administration trying to tax unrealized
capital gains tax, spare bedroom tax, we
don't know whether the next policy would
be like a spare balcony tax. So, you
really think they're going to make
crypto tax-free? In my personal opinion,
that's a fantasy. Just let it go. Not
under this regime. No. Let's break down
how crypto tax really works in Australia
for all type of owners. Again, there are
no special tax rules or rate. How the
ATO taxes your disposals depends on
three factors. Your crypto activity,
your holding period, and whether your
crypto disposal is a taxable event. This
determines whether you'll be taxed under
the existing ordinary income tax rules
or get a special treatment under the
capital gains tax system. So what is a
taxable event in crypto? A taxable event
is when you dispose, sell, swap,
transfer, earn or receive rewards with
cryptocurrency. That means tax applies
when you earn and or dispose of the
tokens, not when you withdraw, cash out,
or transfer the money to your bank
account. Here's the most common
activities the ATO considers or count
taxable event. One, if you sold crypto
for fiat like Australian dollars or
foreign money. Two, you swap one crypto
for another by trading shea for
Dogecoin. A client once asked, "Why is
converting crypto on Coinbase a taxable
event?" I told him, "Imagine you're
selling an investment property in
Melbourne to buy another in Sydney." The
ATO wants their slides on the Melbourne
sale because you've sold off that first
asset. Three, transfer crypto between
entities like from your name to a trust
company or SMSF and vice versa. Tax
applies even if you're the trustee,
beneficiary, member, or director. Four,
you received crypto as income and
disposal later on like from employment,
freelancing, trading, mining, staking,
airdropping, yield farming, and business
or retail operations. Five, using crypto
for personal use to buy goods or
services and you acquired the crypto for
more than 10k. Six, if you gift crypto
to friends, wos vows, relatives,
Wikipedia or GoFundMe non-registered
ACNC or DJR entities is taxable at
market value at the time of gifting and
these gift are not tax deductible.
Seven, you can claim a tax deduction at
market price if you're donating or
gifting crypto to registered ACNC or DGR
charities, but first report the disposal
at spot price and subtract the cost base
to work out gains or losses. Don't
worry, it cancels each other out. Eight,
if your crypto was lost, stolen, or
unreoverable, you can claim a capital
loss to contra other gains if access is
lost permanently. But evidence is
needed. Now, any gains or profits made
from these taxable events either attract
the CGT regime or the ordinary income
tax rules. So CGT laws applies if
investors hold crypto for over 12 months
before selling it. Only individuals
including individual beneficiaries of
trust and individual partners in
partnerships qualify for the 50% CDT
discount. Super funds get 1/3 or 33.33%
discount and companies don't get any
discount at all. To calculate the net
capital gain amount, investors must
first subtract their cost base and any
capital losses from the sale price. Then
divide it by two if you're an individual
or multiply by two divided by three if
you're an SMSF or super fund. That's how
capital gains tax works on crypto in
Australia for investors. So CGT is a tax
concept, not a standalone tax or tax
rate. and you're a non-investor. If
you're trading, mining, staking,
airdropping, yield farming, freelancing,
or as business, an employee, accepting
crypto as payments, your earnings are
initially taxed under the ordinary
income tax regime or system aka the
marginal tax brackets when earned or
received without any discount. So to
avoid double taxation when you sell
these crypto later on your cost base is
the spot price at the time you received
these earnings your gains or profits is
calculated as sale price minus the cost
base and disposal fees. Here's a tip.
Try holding it for over a year to access
the 50% CGT discount regime. The same
rules applies for businesses and
retailers provided that crypto isn't
trading stock. And remember, you must
report these taxable events in your tax
return even if you make a loss because
these losses carry over automatically
and indefinitely to future years to
reduce future gains or net earnings.
That's how a capital loss carryover
works for all entities. Now, how much
tax you pay and what tax rates apply
depends on your taxable income amount
and your tax entity type or legal
structure like whether you're an
individual person, a company, a trust,
etc. And please remember, the ATO
doesn't tax each asset or income
separately. Here's how the Australian
tax system works. Your capital gains,
business activity and all other income
must be recorded in your respective tax
schedules or sections of the tax return.
These are added to your accessible
income. Then your accessible income is
reduced by any allowable deductions.
That result is your taxable income
amount. Individuals and soul traders are
taxed at marginal tax rates and the
first $22,575
are taxfree due to low income tax offset
if you are a tax resident for the full
financial year. Super funds pay a flat
rate of 15%. Base rate companies are
taxed at 25% and companies are taxed at
30%. So nonhuman entities pay tax on
every dollar of net profit. If you want
to get more refund or pay less tax,
watch this video on 18 deductions to
lower your taxable income. Now, crypto
is not a taxable event if one, you're
just buying and holding. Two, you're
moving or transferring between your
personal names wallet. Three, if someone
gave you crypto as a gift, you don't pay
tax at the time you receive it, but tax
applies when you sell it later. Four, if
you're using crypto for personal use,
like to buy movie tickets or household
items, it's exempt if you acquire those
crypto under 10K, provided that you hold
for a short term only. That's how
Australia crypto tax works, guys. Watch
this video to claim 8 CGT exemptions or
concessions to pay zero capital gains
tax on property sale in Australia. If
you find this video useful, please click
like, subscribe, and hit the bell. And
if you've got any questions, drop them
in the comment and then I'll try my best
to reply.