The S&P 500 just keeps breaking records
now sitting at a total market cap of
over $60 trillion for the first time
ever. And year to date also many
companies are up double digit. We even
have today Bitcoin hitting a new
all-time high crossing over $125,000.
And whilst all of this sounds very
great, many investors are now starting
to get very anxious. They're getting
very nervous indeed. And this is
ultimately because no matter what kind
of news comes our way, inflation,
geopolitical tension, weak earnings, the
markets just continue to keep climbing
higher. So the big question is how long
can this really last? On one side, we
have retail investors who are still very
heavy buyers. They've been net positive
almost all of 2025. And in fact, this
has started to really accelerate in the
recent weeks. But on the other side, we
have hedge funds and institutions who
have been quietly offloading positions
for months now. And this is where it
gets very interesting. It's not just
them. We're now seeing members of
Congress themselves starting to sell.
And not just random names. These are
eight specific stocks that lawmakers
have in fact recently started to dump.
And in today's video, we've sifted
through every one of these recent trades
to show you exactly what they've sold,
why it matters, and whether we think
it's time to dump, hold, or even buy
those stocks. And remember, tracking
congressional trades isn't just for fun.
Over the past 3 years, Congress have
massively, massively outperformed the
S&P 500. We have some members in fact
like popular Nancy Pelosi who hasn't
just outperformed but when we take a
look over the last 10 years her
portfolio is up more than 800% compared
to the S&P that's up over 250 in the
same period. So when they start selling
perhaps it is time to pay some serious
attention. And remember, we do sometimes
talk about potential insider information
that makes these members of Congress
have the edge over retail investors. And
what makes it incredibly frustrating is
that the consequences if they are to
have violated this act are in fact
minimal as noted, inconsistent, and
ultimately not recorded publicly. So,
let's dive into the eight stocks
Congress have dumped. As we said, we'll
give you our own valuation perspective,
too. Starting off with Alphabet. What an
incredible run. a company that seemed to
be dead just months ago, up 48% in the
last year. Year to date, up 30% and in
fact in just the last 6 months up 63.
Wasn't that long ago where it was
trading around $140 where every investor
was incredibly bearish on the company
and now it's sitting not far off
all-time high $256
where we get a buy rating from Seek
Alpha. Wall Street 4.47 out of five.
that is very near to a 4.5 to flip it
into a strong buy rating. And we
actually get to see the forward P at
24.7 well above historical 21.6. Again,
we were covering this for many times
where it was trading in a severely
undervalued space. It now looks to be
above the historical average,
potentially overvalued. Something that
also is confirmed when we take a look at
the blue tunnel. Now, new investors,
blue tunnel within these parameters
highlights the intrinsic or fair value.
Quite a significant period. It was
trading below. We now see it for the
first time in 2025 trading above. Again,
potential overvaluation. And what makes
it fascinating when we zoom out to the
last 5 years to see this in another
potentially undervalued space. You'd
have to go all the way to around the
beginning of 2021. So, fascinating to
see. Doesn't necessarily mean it is a
sell. as we said will give your own
valuation. And before we jump into that,
worth considering what are the
institutions doing? We highlighted at
the beginning they're selling a lot of
companies. Are they doing the same with
those members of Congress are selling?
Well, 40% ownership, 57 billion worth of
selling in just the last year. They've
bought a lot more in the same time
frame, more than double, and they've
also bought near double in Q3. So
definitely one they are very bullish on.
They are net buyers. If you wanted to
see the reverse of the trend by quite a
significant distance, you'd have to go
to Q2 2023. Now, our intrinsic value
comes to $229
derived from the discounted cash flow
valuation where, as you can see, we have
the free cash flow year. Average growth
20%, last year though was sitting at 5.
We've gone for 12% moving forwards. As
you can see, low, medium, and high 10,
12,14. As always though, numbers here
are subjective. You can grab a copy of
this model by clicking on the pin
comment below, getting to your own
numbers, whether it's for Google or any
others. But before we dive in, worth
flagging now, not long ago on the
reverse DCF, it was around 10%. Today,
we now see it at 13% over the longer
term. So, straight away, if you believe
this is too high for Google, then it
could look to be overvalued, too low,
then undervaluation. Using the 12%
growth rate though with our discount
rate we get the present value of future
free cash flow terminal price add
together with the cash subtract total
debt gives us the equity value divide by
the shares outstanding 229 indicating
downside of 7%. Now you may believe
we're being actually optimistic at 12%.
So we will show you as well for
transparency at 10 1 199 downside of 19
or you may believe the opposite we're
being way too conservative and at 14 263
indicating 7% upside as always we do
like take through the middle rate where
we're not done there because we want to
see what is the margin of safety on
offer where we like to buy execute at a
10% MOS if it meets our three golden
criteria wide mo strong financial
metrics good forward-looking data what
this actually flags. If you believe the
growth rate of 12% to be reasonable,
then you're not getting any margin of
safety. You're paying a premium of 7%
given the intrinsic value does sit below
the current price. If you wanted a 10%
MOS, well, a buy at 206 at 20% 183 and
2572.
Wall Street themselves even with their
near strong buy rating on average see
this at $248
into 2026, indicating only 1% upside.
Now, give us your thoughts on company
number one, but we'll also flag for
those that believe we're being too
conservative at 14% intrinsically 263.
That gives rise to a margin of safety,
but still on the lower end at 7%.
Nonetheless, if you believe this to be
reasonable, well, at 20%, a buy at 2110,
and at 25 around 197. So, let us know
first stock members of Congress are
selling that is in fact Google. Before
we continue, we just want to let you
know we have released our latest free
weekly article. We draw one every single
Sunday morning covering severely
undervalued stocks as well as what's
gone in the market over the last few
days. So, click below. You can sign up
and read straight away where you'll be
able to gain access to severely
undervalued stocks for the month of
October. Lots of information for each
one the upside that Wall Street
themselves see over the next year. And
on top of that, you can grab a recently
released copy of stocks that Wall Street
themselves believe have the most upside
in the S&P right now. So click below,
you can sign up and read straight away.
The next stock they've been selling is
Micron Tech, up 84% in the last year, up
123% year to date. One that we covered
quite a lot when it was trading near 52-
week lows. Looked like an incredibly
strong buy. Now members of Congress
selling pretty much at all-time highs.
We get a strong buy from Quant with a
double buy from Seeking Alpha and Wall
Street. Wall Street again like Google
very near a strong buy too. And we
actually see it pretty much trading at a
forward P in line with its historical
5-year average. And we also note a
reasonable signal when we look at the
blue tunnel. In fact, many opportunities
as we highlighted to buy this severely
undervalued. So make sure you are
subscribed. Notification bell is on. As
of today though, it is sitting right in
the middle. So according to this and the
fact the forward P is pretty much in
line with the 5-year average, it does
look to be reasonably valued.
Institutions with their 81% ownership
were selling 11 billion in the last
year, buying nearly double at 18 billion
in the most recent quarter. Also, they
have been strong net buyers. Reversal of
the trend though, you would have to go
not far away at Q3 2024. Now, our
intrinsic value $176 derive from the DCF
really is subjective. comes down to
whether you believe it is a low, medium
or high baked in today is 16.1%. So if
you believe 15% to be most appropriate
in terms of a margin of safety, well it
is in fact nil, you are talking about a
7% premium. If you believe actually the
higher end isn't something we should
incorporate and want to look at the
medium at 10%, $128 the premium sits at
47%. On both occasions, no margin of
safety. Wall Street very similar to
Google very minimal upside even with the
near strong buy rating $198 5% into next
year. Now if you did want to make a note
of the higher end in terms of the margin
of safety if this is one that is on your
radar at 10% a buy at 158 at 20 a buy at
141 and $25$132.
Stock number two Micron do let us know
your views. The next one they're selling
is Oracle. Up 71% in the last year, 72%
year to date, trading not far off their
all-time highs with a single buy rating
from Wall Street. Now, this is what we
would call a severely overvalued signal
forward P41, well above the 5-year 19.
That's also reflected when we look at
the blue tunnel. Massive, massive
disparity between where the company sits
today and even the upper end of the blue
tunnel. If we zoom out to the last 5
years though, this one pretty much up
until around the end of 2022 has been
trading at a premium and institutions
with their 42% ownership selling 23
billion in the last year and buy more in
the same time frame have actually sold
more in Q3. So it looks to be like they
could be in tune with members of
Congress who have in fact been dumping
and our intrinsic price at $198.
In fact, highlights baked in on a
reverse DCF 25.3. whether you use the
low, medium, or high on all accounts, we
are talking about downside. But maybe
you look at this and believe we're being
too conservative. So really, even
looking at the upper end of 20% growth
moving forwards, we're talking about
Oracle having a 44% premium on the price
today. Wall Street though,
interestingly, see this at $341 into
next year, 20% upside. Let us know your
views on Oracle. Maybe you agree with
members of Congress and institutions who
have been selling or maybe you do see
this one as a strong buy today. Unlike
the previous companies, we move on to
Essentia, which is in fact trading at
the other end of the spectrum around
this 52- week low, down 32% in the last
year, down 30% year to date. Over the
last 10 years, it has though marginally
underperformed the S&P with a double buy
rating of a fairly weak from seeing
Alpha. Forward P. first time today where
we see disparity going the other end.
It's trading at 17.8 well below the
5-year average of 27 as well as a yield
of 2.7% well above its 5 year of 1.5.
And we also note an undervaluation
signal pretty much growing in disparity
from around June this year where the
blue tunnel is marginally increasing
over time. That isn't a bad thing to
note at all over the last 5 years. What
we're seeing from this company is
intrinsically it is growing very
steadily but the stock price has been
trading at a premium from 2020 to 2022
been a reasonable signal and for the
first time in quite some time we're
seeing quite a large discount
institutions 75% ownership selling 13
billion in the last year buying more
than twice as much buying a lot more in
Q3 so they are definitely taking
advantage of the drop we are seeing
around this 52- week low reverse of the
trend well in fact you would have to go
outside of the parameters that we are
using today. And for Asenture, $335
on a reverse CCF only 1.6% growth moving
forwards. No matter which one used
today, 6% 8% or 10% each one is showing
upside using the most conservative at 6%
that does give rise to a 27% margin of
safety. Using a 30% MOS though, it would
be a buy at $234.
Wall Street themselves 295 into next
year 20% upside. Let us know. Maybe
Asenture is one you disagree with
members of Congress and do believe at a
bare minimum it should be on the watch
list. The next one they're selling is
FedEx down 7% in the last year. Down
double digit year to date over the last
10 years. Massive underperformance of
the S&P trading around the mid to low
end of the 52- week range with another
double buy from Seek Alpha and Wall
Street. Although again, C alpha a very
weak one at that and it's trading not
too dissimilar from its 5-year average
at 12.8. Yield though is a bit higher
2.4 versus two. And we also get a
reasonable signal. In fact, it is
sitting right there in the midpoint of
the blue tunnel. Although unlike Entia
which was steadily increasing with
FedEx, we get the opposite where
intrinsically the fair price is on a
downward trend. something that when we
zoom out to the last five years doesn't
really give you faith in terms of a
company that is very consistent. In
fact, it did peak around mid 2022 before
a very large drop. And even with the
increase we're now seeing at the
beginning of 2025, the intrinsic value
of the company is on a downward spiral.
85% ownership though from institutions
with 6 billion selling, 9 billion
buying. So about 50% more. Little bit of
buys, a little bit of selling in Q3.
Nothing too major when we do compare it
to other quarters. And if you want to
see the reverse of the trend, well, not
by a massive margin, but Q3 2024 in our
intrinsic value, which is the average of
the four models today. And as always,
you can grab a copy of this model by
clicking on the pin comment below, comes
to 267. We'll just flag solely on a DCF.
It is lower at 230 where baked in today
is 8.5% moving forwards. Margin of
safety, we do get one at 9%. probably
not a lot for many investors. So at 20%
a buy at 214 at 25 bang on the $200
mark. Wall Street do see upside of 11%
into next year $272.
Is this one that gets you excited? Maybe
you prefer UPS or this industry as a
whole is not one that you're
considering. We then move on to
Starbucks down 10% over the last year.
Year to date down five. And when we
typically talk about companies that are
overvalued, this name continues to crop
up over the last 10 years, massive
underperformance of the S&P, up 44%.
All-time highs, we're talking around
four years ago today in July where it
was trading at $126.
Now trading towards the lower end of the
52- week range. We get a traffic light
system sell from seeking Alpha. Very
weak buy rating from Wall Street with a
hold from Quan trading at a forward P of
35. not only very high in isolation but
well above the 5-year average of 28.8 8
yield 2.9%. It is above the 5-year at
2.3, but bear in mind the dividend
safety score 60 does it sit borderline
safe. So, a little bit questionable.
Something we can take a closer look if
this company does interest you. And
probably no surprise then to see this
overvaluation signal. In fact, it is
sitting above the upren. Something we've
noted for quite a period over the last
12 months. Zooming out to the last 5
years. Again, very similar to the
previous company. the intrinsic value
hasn't consistently been in that upwards
trajectory and institutions with 72%
ownership selling 10 billion buying 17
billion in fact in the same time frame
pretty much bought and sold the same
amount in Q3 if you really want to see
the reverse of the trend well we notice
a small one in Q2 and that of Q3 2023
now intrinsic value comes to $75 on a
DCF only marginally higher where baked
in is 8.2% 2% to the future free cash
flows. Overall, this company in our view
one we really disagree with Wall Street.
We see this trading at a 15% premium.
Wall Street with an incredibly weak
buyer rating as highlighted. See this at
$102 into next year 19% upside. Now, if
you just wanted to make note at a 10%
margin of safety, this would look to be
a buy at $67 at 2060 on the dot and
2556.
Let us know whether you agree with what
we believe as well as members of
Congress or you see this one as
undervalued and a very strong buy. We
then move on to Black Rockck up 22% in
the last year up 13% year to date. Over
the last 10 years has marginally
outperformed the S&P trading very near
to its all-time highs as well as a
double buy in fact near buy from Wall
Street at 4.41. We do notice though
forward P 24 above the 5year 20 yield
1.8 8 below historical 2.4 as well as an
overvaluation signal. Although you could
argue it is just slightly above. This
one over the last 12 months hasn't
really entered the undervaluation signal
and that's something also confirmed when
we look at the last 5 years. Very rare
to see this severely undervalued. We do
get a little spot in mid 2022 and
institutions even with 81% ownership and
selling 15 billion buying pretty much
twice as much. They've sold twice as
much in Q3. So maybe for Black Rockck
they also have started to turn bearish
and our intrinsic value $867.
DCF quite a bit higher at $962 where
baked in is 12.6%
moving forwards gives rise to no not a
margin of safety like we're seeing on
many companies today. In fact a 34%
premium if you wanted this at a 10% MOS
a buy at 780 at 20693 and $256 $650.
Wall Street themselves $1,226
only 6% upside into next year. Let us
know your own views on Black Rockck
today. We then move on to ASML and this
is one we'd covered for many many
periods of time constantly saying this
was severely undervalued and even with
mentions of talking about this company
on a very consistent basis. There was
one reason why it was severely
undervalued. Now it is over the last
year up 24% year to date up 49. Over the
last 10 massive outperformance of the
S&P up more than 1,000% trading pretty
much around its 52- week high. There was
a time not that long ago where it was at
the 52- week low of $578.
We also get another double buy from
Seeking Alpha and Wall Street. We see
the opposite of what we saw for quite
some time. Now looking potentially
overvalued forward P 38 versus
historical 33 as well as a potential
overvaluation signal. In fact, most of
the last 12 months this one was trading
undervalued. Now we see it completely on
the opposite end. It's barely spent any
time in its intrinsic price. That is
absolutely incredible to see. And
actually when we zoom out to the last 5
years, this one more often than not does
trade at a very large premium. Maybe
this is something we will now start to
see for quite some time or we will get a
little bit of a pullback. Institutions
with their 26% ownership sold 12 billion
actually more in the last 12 months than
they bought around 10 billion. Not much
movement in Q3. In fact in Q2 a little
bit more selling than buying. You want
to see the largest reversal of the trend
where you'd only have to go to Q4 2024.
Now intrinsic value at $99 derived from
the DCF firstly highlights 13.8% 8%
baked into the numbers. Again, not that
long ago, it was around the 9 to 10%
mark. And even if you wanted to put this
at the higher end today of 14%, we're
only talking around 2% upside. So using
the middle rate at 12%, we are talking
about a company now trading at a 13%
premium. Even Wall Street see this lower
over the next year at -10%. That is
downside their price target $925.
Now, if you wanted to make note at 10% a
buy at 818, at 20% a buy at 727 and 25 a
buy at $681.
Let us know on these eight stocks today
as well as ASML. Do you see them as a
buy, maybe a hold or a complete avoid?
Don't forget, as always, to sign up to
the free weekly newsletter, grab those
spreadsheets, come and join the Patreon
where we cover our buys and sells. And
as always, have a great day. We'll see
you all on the next