Over the weekend, amid the ice created
melee in Chicago, an immigration agent
shot an American woman multiple times
following some sort of a traffic
incident. Now, that incident escalated
protests in the city that has already
been rocked by DHS's heavy-handed
tactics, including, as we've discussed
here, an apartment raid that involved
Blackhawk helicopters. Now, the details
of exactly what transpired with this
woman, whose name is Marramar Martinez,
are kind of murky. But what has become
quite clear is that the government
initially lied about some really key
details. And now her lawyer is claiming
that body cam footage undercuts their
story entirely. This is raising serious
questions about whether armed federal
agents just shot an anti-ICE activist
and then brazenly lied about it to cover
their tracks. So let me take you through
the timeline of their shifting stories
and exactly what the evidence shows. So
this incident, it occurred on Saturday
morning and involved not only Martinez
but another motorist, Anthony Ruiz, who
was not shot but was arrested. On
Saturday evening, DHS spokesperson
Trisha Mclofflin put out the following
statement with the government's first
version of the events that led up to
that shooting. Now, pay attention to the
details here. These are going to matter.
Mclofflin wrote, quote, "This morning,
during routine patrolling in Broadview,
in the same area of Chicago that law
enforcement were assaulted yesterday,
our brave law enforcement officers were
rammed by vehicles and boxed in by 10
cars. Agents were unable to move their
vehicles and exited the car. One of the
drivers who rammed the law enforcement
vehicle was armed with a semi-automatic
weapon. Law enforcement was forced to
deploy their weapons and fired defensive
shots at an armed US citizen who drove
herself to the hospital to get care for
wounds. The armed woman was named in a
CBP intelligence bulletin last week for
doxing agents and posting online, "Hey
to all my gang, let's [ __ ] those
[ __ ] up. Don't let them take
anyone." Thankfully, no law enforcement
officers were seriously injured in this
attack. Pritsker's Chicago Police
Department is leaving the shooting scene
and refuses to assist us in securing the
area. There is a growing crowd and we
are deploying special operations to
control the scene. This is an evolving
situation. We will give more info as
soon as it becomes available. So that
was their first version of offense. Now
that story was immediately called into
question from a variety of directions.
First of all, the other motorist,
Anthony Ruiz's mother, denied the
government's version of events.
According to the New York Times, Mr.
Ruiz's mother, Elizabeth Ruiz, said her
son told her on the phone in the morning
he had been rammed by federal agents and
that they were shooting. Upon hearing
that, she said she raced to the scene.
She said an agent grabbed her son, said
he was under arrest. When she asked why,
she said she received no answer. So,
according to Ruiz and his mother, he
just happened to be in the area, was
rammed by ICE, and then arrested for no
reason. Then, Chicago Police Department
said the DHS was also lying about their
supposed failure to assist in crowd
control. Quote, "In a statement, Chicago
police clarified officers did respond to
the shooting scene involving federal
agents on Saturday near the intersection
of West 39th Street and South Kia Avenue
around 10:30 a.m. Police said their
purpose was to quote maintain public
safety and traffic control. Then we got
the actual charging document from the
government and key details from
Mclofflin's original story about
Martinez were now missing. So, the
government themselves undercut key
details of their original narrative.
First of all, Mclofflin got the location
wrong. Second, remember how she claimed
that they were boxed in by 10 cars.
Suddenly, in the criminal complaint,
only four cars were mentioned, Martinez
Ruiz and two others. Originally,
Mclofflin had said that Martinez drove
herself to the hospital. Complaint says
that she was actually taken by ambulance
from a nearby repair shop. But most
critically, Mclofflin had originally
claimed the government had to fire shots
in self-defense in part because Martinez
was armed with a semi-automatic weapon.
The criminal complaint makes no mention
of Martinez carrying a firearm. So, even
before an initial hearing on the charges
facing Martinez, government had already
contradicted their own story in multiple
significant ways. But a hearing last
night raised even more questions about
exactly what happened here. So, Chicago
Tribune reporter Jason Meisner covered
these proceedings. According to
Martinez's attorney there at those
proceedings, the presence of rogue armed
agents of the state, that was the real
danger to the community, not Martinez.
Martinez's team alleged that body cam
footage tells a totally different story
than what the government has been
selling. So, her attorney told the
court, "Based on repeated viewings of
the body cam footage, you can see the
agent who was driving suddenly turned
the wheel to the left, indicating he
actually ran Martinez, not the other way
around." Then, the agent jumps out and
starts shooting. Martinez's attorney
also argued that the pattern the bullets
through Martinez's passenger side door
was inconsistent with the government's
narrative about a headon ramming. In
addition, the body cam footage captures
this agent saying, quote, "Do something,
bitch." before he jumps out of the car
and starts firing his weapon. The body
cam footage was said to directly
contradict the government's claim that
Martinez was driving towards officers
when they fired at her in self-defense.
What's more, after the shooting, the
agent appears to warn another agent
about speaking plainly about what had
just occurred, cognizant of the body
cam's recording. Quote, "After the
shooting, Martinez's lawyer says the
body camera captured another agent
coming up and saying, "Hey, what
happened?" The agent points to his body
cam and says, "Hey, don't speak. You're
good." As for the government, their
lawyer did claim that that same body cam
footage captured an agent saying, "We're
getting boxed in. We got to get out of
here. She's going to make contact right
before the car is struck on both sides."
Now, notably, Martinez's attorney
offered to show the body cam footage to
the court, while the government lawyers
made no such offer. Now, ultimately,
Martinez was shot five times. She's now
being charged with forcibly assaulting,
resisting, opposing, impeding,
intimidating, or interfering with a
federal law enforcement officer in the
performance of their official duties. So
far, though, the judge does not seem to
impress with the government's case. Both
Martinez and Ruiz were ordered released
after the judge found the government did
not meet the bar for requiring the two
to be detained until their trial. Now,
given that body camera footage exists,
we are eventually going to get the real
story of what exactly transpired here.
But already in significant ways, the
government's story of self-defense
against a rampaging woman with a
semi-automatic weapon has completely
fallen apart. And while no agents were
injured, an American woman suffered five
gunshot wounds from her own government.
And one can only assume there will be
more dangerous and potentially deadly
encounters between citizens of our
country and the government their tax
dollars fund as the Trump regime
escalates their ICE and National Guard
deployments. And so Sarra, you were
talking about this.
>> Hey guys, if you want to see what I had
to say to Crystal's monologue, not just
this one, all of them going back to the
very beginning, become a premium
subscriber today. Breaking Points.com