So today lands I got sent an article um
about the which WNBA free agents might
be on the move for next season. So this
is an interesting one here. So teams
that could change a lot. The Dallas
Wings. Yeah, absolutely. Orrique could
be on the move. I still think they're
going to core and trade Orique if gone.
And I don't know who will trade for her.
So I do think starts next season on the
Dallas Wings. Um, I don't know. She ends
next season on the wings, but she starts
next season on the wings. So, um, yeah,
that would be my um
that would be my prediction there. It
says here she's clear franchise star. I
agree. And the top odds number one pick,
but there's no franchise changing star
in the number one overall pick or in
this year's draft that we know of
anyway. There might be one. There might
be one that we don't know of. Like the
2019 draft was seen as a bad draft at
the time. It was one of the greatest
drafts of all time. So in hindsight it
might be different but it doesn't appear
to be. Um a primary offseason question
revolves around whether RK returns the
franchise spent their whole career with
beyond that the wings of lottery. Young
players provide depth while the team
maintains clap cap flexibility for big
swings. I agree. I think they make the
angel trade.
Orique is not going to be involved in
the angel trade. I think they make I
think they make an trade and they make
an angel trade. That's my prediction. I
think they go all in on the duo of Angel
and Paige.
Maybe they keep a RK and bring in Angel,
but I think I think they made the angel
trade. The Valks makes sense of free
agent prior to 2025 season. Want to see
how the first year went. Safe to say
they're impressed by the atmosphere
chase center. Sold at every home game
and then came Balhalla. Um it says the
Valkyries might be able to bring in some
bigger stars to play for 2025 coach year
Nani Laz. H the Valks legitimately might
be in the Kelsey Plum sweep stakes. Like
that is a thing. It seems like he bring
back top two scorers from this season.
and Kayla Thornton and Veronica Burton.
Veronica Burton is coming back. No
question about it. Kayla Thornton is
coming back. No question about it. Um I
don't know if Janelle Salon's going to
come back. Um just purely because when
she came back from Eurob basket, they
benched her. Um I like I don't think
there were a lot I think I don't think
this team signs that many Europeans
after what they did to Julie Vanlu. I
think a lot of Europe I think Chetchi is
going to be gone. I think Janelle is
going to be gone. I think any Europeans
that are not on their rookie deal are
going to dip like because it's in the
CBA that these players are allowed play
in Euro basket and they were given the
all clear to play and then were cut.
Julie Vani got cut and Salon Chetchi got
benched. Um,
so I don't see any Europeans any
Europeans going back, but I do think
they're going to have one like major
player that we don't expect like a
Kelsey Plum or maybe they just take eat
the contract. Like they might just eat
the UR contract. Literally, they might
just say, "Screw it. We're going to
she's going to be our star. We can
build. We've got a whole bunch of role
players. We can build around her. We can
make her look good. We can use her as
the Iverson with a bunch of role
players.
um we needed individual scoring because
Tiffany Hayes was out last year. So, we
can bring in a RK for that and to get a
RK. You might literally just have to eat
the contract. Like that's all it might
take the the eighth pick the ninth pick
in the draft maybe. But then you also
can't forget that you got CI coming
coming in. You maybe are going to be
able to convince Maria Conde to come
over.
This is a team that's not contenders,
but they will be soon. The Sky have had
bad local injury with Vanderloot missing
all seven games. And Angel Lack is out
for extended periods. Said during exit
interviews, the team absolutely needs to
improve their roster. I think a lot of
players are gone, but I think a lot of
players are going to be there. I think
going to be there. I think Atkins
going to be there. I think Cardoso is
going to be there. I think Banam's going
to be there. I think and they're going
to get rid of Beck Allen and they're
obviously getting rid of Kian. They're
probably going to keep on. Um
I hope they don't get rid of I hope they
get rid of Ewill because I would love
Eric um Elizabeth Williams as the backup
center for the fever. Like I I'm all on
the Ewill's backup center for Indiana.
Um
but yeah, it's a
injury. I think they trade injuries. So
it just depends on what they look to do
after trading injuries, whether they're
trying to rebuild or not. Teams that
might not change much. the Atlanta
Dream. Um,
I think Britney Griner wants to start. I
don't think she's going to start for a
good team. Um, they're going to keep
Alicia Gray, obviously. Brie Jones and
Jordan Canon. I think they're going to
stay because they chose to go there.
Ryan Howard's restricted free agent and
Naz Hillman. They're going to be there,
but they're going to be expensive. Like
the problem is is that like they are
expensive.
Like Naz Hillman is going to be
expensive. the only person to ever win
six player of the year because they
hooped as a starter. Um Ryan Howard is
going to be a max contract. That's the
problem is that you you can't really
afford to keep Britney Grinder when Ryan
Howard, Lee Jones are going to be on max
contracts.
Jordan Canada is also going to be near a
max contract. Like you don't have the
money to keep Britney Grinder if you
want to keep the other core together. So
it'll be an interesting one there. The
Fever um I think the core of the Fever
stays together. I think their core four
from last year stay together and I think
Sophie stays. I think KK is just there
for potential
even though dear lord KK is stunk is
stinking it up in Prague right now. Um I
think she stays for potential and then
other than that like I think
I think they bring back
I think they probably bring back one of
Ari Odyssey. They might bring back Sid
Coulson. Um I don't think they bring
back Khloe Bby. I think Tash Howard is
going to take a max contract and just be
a star at a worst team. Um,
but I do think that they're going to try
to make a splash out of power for that
would be my assumption. That would be my
assumption for the Fever. The Aces, I
mean,
the Aces are going
The Aces, the reason why I don't think
they're going to championship next year
is they're going to have to keep the
forward together. They're going to have
to pay Jul.
It's as simple as that. They're going to
have they can't just let Ju Lloyd walk.
They should let Ju Lloyd walk, but they
can't just let July walk. And the
players and rookie deals they have next
year is literally like they have like
Nelissa Smith's not going to be cheap.
They're going to have four max contract
players
and they're going to have no other cap
space. They've got no draft picks. They
got minimum players.
This is a team that is not going to be I
said they're like they I I don't know
how they win a championship
but like they can't afford to keep even
they can't I don't even think they can
afford to keep Dana Evans next year.
Like they might be able to afford to
keep me Gustiffson but like obviously
Kia Stokes is going to be there on a vet
minimum. Um
I actually don't even know what they can
do. They they might they might be able
to sign a bunch of ring chases a ring
chases on vet minimums, but I I don't
understand how the Vegas aces got so
much worse and won a championship.
Like they had Tiffany Hayes, Alicia
Clark, Kelsey Plum, and they replaced
them with
Dana Evans.
um
what you call it with Dana Evans, Jewel
Lloyd and Melissa Smith and they somehow
How did they win? They barely beat the
hospital fever, but no, I think they're
going to run it back and I don't think
they're going to have a chance. I don't
think they have a chance next year. The
Mercury um I think the Mercury are going
to run it back. I think they're going to
keep two out of three. Um
Satu and Lizard Thomas and Kop. They're
keeping Lizard Thomas obviously. I don't
know. Like, will Bonner go on a minimum?
If if Bonner takes the max, they're kind
of screwed. The only positive is is that
you're able to go to you're able to look
over in Jerona where you have um Clara
Lungfist or Clara Holm now. You have
her. So, you have a backup point guard
stashed. you've gone I don't even think
they have a draft pick this year but you
have a good scouting network for minimum
contract players over in Europe but
you're gonna lose a lot of your like
McCanni Laxa all that crew are going to
go because they're going to be on
they're going to be too expensive so
it's going to be tough for them to put a
team together but they got to just be
smart they got to be smart about it the
mystics I think they're going to other
than Alicia Clark and do saying they
might run it back they were dumb
asses not just offering Jade Melbourne a
fourth option. She's going to get
she's going to be not on a minimum.
She's going to get 450k instead of 90k.
You have to pay her probably five times
as much to keep her. It was idiotic.
Most difficult team to predict the sun.
Uh they are rebuilding. They might just
let Tina Charles maybe walk and lose
every game. uh Sparks,
one of Azere or Hami um is going to be
gone because there's no way in hell
they're running Brink off the bench for
a year. They are not running Cam Brink
off the bench. If they do, that's great.
If they do, just trade Brink. You can
you still can get something for Brink.
Rakia is going to start. I still can't
believe she got top five MVP vote. But
the links the links don't have the
salary to keep everybody. It's as simple
as that. The links do not have the
salary. Um, so one of Bridget Carlton or
Courtney Williams is going to be gone. I
think the stud buds stay together
and I think DJ Jane signs for a team
friendly deal,
but I think Bridget Carton's gone. I
don't think they can afford her. I Jamie
don't think they can afford her because
they're going to have to pay Courtney
Williams and Max. They're going to have
to pay Alana Smith a lot of money. Um,
it just depends on who they draft. We
we'll see what like we'll know more
about who they plan on drafting. We'll
we'll know more after the draft lottery
realistically about the links. Like if
they get rid of Alana Smith, it means
they're getting if they don't sign Alana
Smith, it means they're dead set on one
of Awafam or Lauren Betts. If they sign
Alana Smith and don't resign Courtney
Williams, they're dead set on Olivia
Miles. Like, we'll see then. So, the
Liberty here. Um, I mean, I think Emma's
probably gone and Cloud's gone. They're
going to get another guard, but the big
three are going to be there and Feb is
going to be there. So, it's literally
just finding finding that two guard
really. Um, I'd just give it one year
max to Kale McBride, honestly. And the
Storm I would assume Magabor is gone.
Um, they're probably going to core and
trade Magore H cuz I think what's her
name is probably going to want to be
there. Um, Gabby Williams likes the
storm.
So my assumption is is that Wheeler is
going to still be there on a much bigger
contract. Um Milonga is still going to
be there. I think because how much
you're going to have to pay Ezie. I
think they core and trade Ezie. Um NECA
and Skyler and come back and you put you
start Milonga.
You find a backup center and then you go
and you pro they probably are in the
Eill sweep stakes and then
you try get a legit two guard for Ezie
Magor. Um,
I think maybe if it's a if it's at a
stage, what I would look to do if I was
them, if you're looking in the draft is,
oh I forgot the Seattle Storm have
a top three pick. it. They're going
to just draft a foot. Let's say trade
Domin to get in the lottery. They're
just going to take a foot and start a
foot the two or um either start a foot
the two or start um FL at the two. Yeah,
that's a pretty damn good team. It's a
mixture of young and old and you've got
you got one player who's who's pushing
30. You got two players the end of their
career and two elite young players. So
yeah, that's that's pretty much it
lines. That's it for ESPN's free agency
predictions. I'll see you guys.