Do you ever look at your favorite golfer
and go, "How is it that they're able to
turn around such a stable spin axis?
Their head stays still. Their hips move
perfectly. It's like everything is just
one fluid, beautiful rhythmical
movement." Well, the thing is is it is.
And yet, so many golfers out there are
struggling with this. So, today I'm
going to show you how you can develop
this motion. And it's not as difficult
as what people think. So, first of all,
here's the reason why it's so important.
We want to create a nice stable spine
axis so that we are able to turn in
lovely tilts because we are playing golf
bent over. We have to be able to swing
this club on a very consistent tilted
plane. That helps us control things like
low point, club path, club face, all
these different things. The other thing
is when we are able to turn centered, we
are able to have really good pressure
and weight control. Meaning that as we
come down, we're able to shift, get our
low point pass the ball, and strike the
ball first, ground second, especially
with irons or with driver. It just helps
us get that beautiful crisp center
contact and that perfect angle of attack
for our swing. The final piece that it's
really important for is learning to get
the arms working around the spine. We
have to move the arms around the spine,
which is incredibly difficult if we
don't have a stable spine axis. So, this
is the thing. And this is what we need
to work on. So let me show you a quick
visual example of what we want to see
and then let's dive into the actual
movement and how you can learn it. So
let's use Charles how the third as our
example and explain what this should
look like. So the first thing I'm going
to do is draw a circle roughly around
the center or top part of the center of
Charles's hips and do the same thing
from the face on and rear view. Now I'm
going to draw a second circle on each of
these videos more where the center of
the sternum would be in both of these
situations. Center of the chest. Now if
I connect these two dots together, that
is the spine axis that we are looking to
turn around and keep really really
stable right here. Now if I was to draw
some additional lines just a box around
Charles's head and then in both of these
videos and then we're just going to draw
a nice line down the trail hip and lead
hip in both of these videos right here.
Now, if I take Charles to the top of the
back swing, starting from the face on
view, we'll notice how at the top, he's
able to maintain that beautiful spine
angle. We can see his trail hip has
turned back and around away from that
trail line, his lead hips come back to
touch the lead line. And you can see
from this rear view as he's done this,
the trail shoulder has also turned
behind him and the trail hip has turned
behind him in this direction. That is
what I class as turning around. a nice
stable spine axis. Now, if I play this
on the way down, you can see how he
maintains that beautiful spine angle
here. You can see if I draw it through
the face on view right there, that
beautiful spine angle leaning away from
the target. And we can see the same
positioning here from the rear view
gives you a lovely insight. It has this
beautiful stable spine axis to now where
he can deliver really consistent impact
positions. And you can see how he's
worked his arms around his spine angle
here from the rear view. And the same
thing here, he's working his arms around
his spine angle in the follow through
right here. Now, you can see from the
downline view, I've drawn a line down
his spine angle roughly right there and
then a perpendicular line straight off.
Just notice how he's able to turn,
maintaining that beautiful spine angle.
You can see at the top of the back
swing, those shoulders really do match
that perpendicular line right there
absolutely beautifully. And on the way
down, he continues to turn around that
beautiful spine angle. club gets
delivered beautifully on plane and then
he can exit those arms around him in the
follow through. Okay, perfect. So now we
understand what we're looking for to
create that beautiful stable spine axis
and really you can look at so many
golfers they produce a very very similar
motion. The one key thing I want us to
understand is that we are constantly
shifting pressure in our feet. So as
much as our spine angle looks stable,
our feet are working like crazy. There's
a shift off, there's a recenter, there's
a shift towards the target. But in terms
of physically looking at the hips and
the upper body, if I was to use this
very very simple and sometimes maybe a
little bit too simple, but diagram and
visual reference for you. If I held this
orange alignment stick like my spine
angle and this white alignment stick is
representing my shoulders. So if I was
to turn around a a centered spine angle,
look at how this right end, my right
shoulder equivalent moves. You can see
how it moves up, back, and behind me
right there. Now imagine that's the same
thing down here for my hips. My hips
again the right hip's going to work up
back and behind me when it turns. So
what we are going to see and this is the
key piece is really with this right
shoulder or the right hip is to have a
centered pivot we have to learn to turn
it behind us. And this is where I love
to use the reference point of the center
line. So let me show you how to train
this. Okay. So what I've got here is an
alignment stick down on the ground. This
is representing the centers in terms of
my body on the floor. I've then got this
black alignment stick here. That's an
extendable pole. You can see it behind
me nicely extended up. This is
representing it from a rear vertical
side. And I'll do the same thing in
front of me right here, representing it
from the forward side. So, if I step in
here, I want this right in the center of
my stance. Now, we've all heard, you
know, AMG people like that saying there
needs to be a weight shift off. And I
completely agree. There has to be a
weight shift off. Now there is a big
range. You have like a Charles How the
third who does a small shift. There's
definitely pressure shift but a small
body shift off and you have a Rory who
has a big shift off. But both of them
eventually come back to this nice
centered position as that trail hip
starts to turn. That's the key piece.
Trail shoulder trail hip turns around.
Now, if I get set up here and I was to
take this club, place it on my
shoulders, my feel, first of all, let's
start with the upper body, is that I
take my right shoulder and I try and
turn it so it gets over that center line
at the top. I'm not trying to have it on
the trail side. I'm also not trying to
collapse it past it. I'm trying to turn
that right shoulder behind me. Now, if
you want to rehearse this with a little
bit of a shift, so a bit of a pressure
shift and then a recenter and come back,
absolutely fine. If you're a golfer who
prefers to stay a little bit more on the
left side, rehearse it like that.
Personalize this to you. I know stack
and tilt, there's the AMG stuff, the
shifting off, there's loads of ways to
get this done. Just personalize it down
to you. So, as long as you whatever sort
of pressure shift you want to have, as
long as you recenter by the time you get
to the top with that right shoulder on
the line, I am going to be happy. If I
flip round and you take a look at it
from this angle, you'll see here's my
pressure shift to start the swing. And
look, by the time I get to the top, that
right shoulder is going to be back
roughly on that center line. That will
mean my head, my upper body is nice and
centered. Now, I must admit, probably
one of the biggest faults I see on a
day-to-day basis is this, where the
golfer's head drifts off. Now, if I do
that from this rear view, notice where
my right shoulder gets to at the top.
You see how it never gets over the
center line. Okay, so we've spoken about
the upper body movement. Now, let's go
on to the the hips, the real key piece
that again, I think so many golfers
struggle with. Now, for me, I like to
focus on the back right pocket. I think
it's a really nice simple reference
point. It's going to help you massively.
So take a glove just because I think if
we have something in the back right
pocket, it's easier for us to kind of
resonate with it. So if I place a glove
in the back right pocket, couple of
massive faults that I see. First and
foremost is your classic excessive
swaying. This is where you might get a
reverse pivot. You might just get a
golfer stuck on the trail side. But from
here, we're going to have a lot of
negative chain reactions take place. If
I do those flipped around from the rear
view, you can see if I reverse pivot
right, the glove never gets over that
center line. Or if I'm just stuck over
here, glove never gets over there. By
the time we get to the top, we're going
to have that back right pocket over the
center line as well as my right shoulder
over the center line. Let me do it from
this angle. This is my favorite angle.
It's a little shift off to start the
swing. Then we're going to come back.
Boom. Right there. Trail shoulder over
this line. back right pocket over that
line. So, let me try and do this one
here.
If you need more one-to-one help, I
offer online coaching on the skillless
platform where I'm also offering a free
swing evaluation right now. Head on over
there, the link's down below. But more
importantly, Trevor Salesman and I are
doing an impact and ball flight golf
school in Orlando in December. There's
only 16 spaces available. It's the only
golf school on the planet that purely
focuses on ball striking. And my god,
the results so far have been phenomenal.
If you want to get involved in that,
shoot me a message or uh email me at
jazzlesgill@gmail.com
and I'll send you some information about
that. If you have enjoyed today's video,
please give the video a like and the
channel a subscribe.