to have you here and of course it's so
great to have both of you here. Uh we
have so many audience questions tonight,
really good ones. Um and Senator
Sanders, just in terms of how long this
shutdown has go gone on, you and I have
spoken multiple times during this, but
we're now on the 15th day, the ninth
vote to reopen the government failed. Uh
do you think Speaker Johnson is right
when he says that this could be one of
the longest government shutdowns in US
history?
>> No. I think the Republicans are catching
on that you can't throw 15 million
Americans off of the health care they
have and studies indicate that when you
do that some 50,000 Americans a year
will die unnecessarily and then on top
of that just in Vermont today Caitlyn uh
people in my state and all over this
country are beginning to receive notices
from insurance companies about what
their new premiums will be if we do not
stop what Trump is doing. In my state of
Vermont, there are people today who
received notices that their premiums are
going to quadruple,
quadruple, some less, three times. In my
state of Vermont, and again, this is
true in many parts of the country.
Middle class families will be paying
$50,000
a year for health care. Anyone think
that's sane?
>> It's not. Who can afford that?
Republicans are catching on. They're
playing a losing hand. They are going to
come to the table finally and address
the health care crisis that they've
created.
>> Okay. So, you think Republicans will
come to the table sooner rather than
later. The White House has not indicated
as much and today the budget director
Russ Vote said that north of 10,000
federal workers could be laid off during
this government shutdown. Does that make
Democrats rethink their strategy at all?
>> I don't think so. I think that what Russ
Vote just uh just announced today in the
laying off of federal workers, we
learned today a judge has put a
temporary restraining order because it
is likely illegal what he and the Trump
administration is doing. The problem is
that this administration, the Trump
administration, folks like uh Russ Vote,
they think that destroying our health
care, making sure that housing is too
expensive to live in, that jacking up
the the cost of our groceries, they
think all of this is about hurting
Democrats. What they are doing is
hurting Americans and they are hurting
this country. And if Mike Johnson wants
to say that this shutdown is going to
last a long time, it is because he is
choosing to punish the American people
and we cannot stand for it and we cannot
allow allow it and we also cannot enable
it by acquiescing and enabling the
behavior of bullies. So it ends today.
So we have
>> if I could just add to something
Alexandria.
>> Go ahead, Senator. This is the cynicism
of the speaker of the house.
>> Where are your Republican colleagues
tonight? They're back here in Washington
negotiating.
>> That's an excellent question, Bernie.
Right now, House Democrats are in
Washington DC. Senate Democrats are in
Washington DC. Even Senate Republicans,
I believe, are still in Washington DC.
The only people who are not in
Washington DC are the over 200 elected
Republicans in the House of
Representatives because Speaker of the
House Mike Johnson refuses to call the
House in session. He refuses to also
seat Adelita Grihalva because they want
to prevent the 218 signature and on
release of the Epstein files as well.
>> Can I ask you on that because Speaker
Johnson was asked about that today and
he said it has nothing to do with that.
It's the so she can have all the pomp
and circumstance uh that is afforded to
most members when they're sworn in. Do
you do you don't believe that?
>> No. Mike Johnson has sworn in several
members, Republican members in pro-forma
sessions. He understands that the
importance of this country, the
importance of of representation is not
about pomp and circumstance. And in
fact, it's not just about representative
Grihava. It's about the over 700,000
people in the state of Arizona,
veterans, seniors, teachers, students
who do not have anyone to call in an
emergency because their elected
representative that that has been
certified at municipal, state, and and
the federal level with federal
acknowledgement. He refuses to seat a
dulyeleed uh official here in the House
of Represent.
>> So, we have a lot of questions tonight
for people who are here in Washington
and Representative Okasio Cortez. First
question is for you. Uh this is Alicia
Dolford who is from Camp Springs,
Maryland, and is a TSA officer who's
active in her local federal employees
union. Thank you so much for being here.
What's your question?
>> Thank you for having me. Um uh as the
month November approaches, many of us
are facing serious hardships as we enter
week three of the shutdown. Some are at
risk of eviction or mortgage default,
and local rental companies and lenders
have become silent or refused to work
with employees presenting DHS debt
letters. What protections or emergency
actions can be taken to prevent these
workers and their families from losing
their homes during this time?
Well, thank you so much for your
question and uh particularly as a TSA
employee, I represent LaGuardia Airport
and so I know very very well all the
hard work that you all do and put in and
ma'am and you all deserve a dignified
workplace. You deserve a safe workplace
and you deserve the paycheck that you
are working for. Um what I believe the
best thing that we can do is to reopen
the government right now and to ensure
and to also call on our representatives
and and put pressure on individuals like
uh the speaker of the house to actually
pick up the phone. The problem here is
not that there is a dis is not even that
there's a disagreement. It's that the
speaker of the house and the Trump
administration refuses to even have a
negotiation.
They refuse to even pick up the phone
and talk about this. And so I do not
want us to
start to agree with what Mike Johnson is
saying and to have them preview for us
and normalize the idea that everyone's
just going to miss a paycheck, that a
million federal workers are just going
to go without that and to just warn it
in warn that in advance and to have us
accept that. This is not acceptable.
This is not normal. And what is normal
is for us to negotiate. When one party
wants the votes of another party, you
negotiate, you come to a compromise and
you pass a bill. That is schoolhouse
rock
and that is how things should be. So, I
thank you for that and I want to make
sure that we of course pass a bevy of
federal protections for workers, but we
don't want them to be necessary in the
first place.
>> Yeah. And and Senator Sanders, on that
front on government shutdowns before,
obviously, you've said before that you
believe shutting down the government is
a serious and dangerous action. You said
that we must do everything possible to
prevent it. What would you say to people
who are missing their paychecks about
why it's worth it now? Well, let me just
first of all, thank you very much for
your service and we're going to do
everything we can and move as quickly as
we can to make sure you get your
paychecks. But I want to just back up a
little bit to discuss how we got to
where we are because I'm not sure
everybody knows this. What Alexandria
was just saying is in the House,
majority rules, they pass the budget. In
the Senate, not quite the case. It needs
60 votes. Okay, that's been going on for
a very long time. And the reason for the
60 votes is to encourage bipartisan
negotiations. All right. Republicans
have 53 people in their caucus.
Democrats, including independents, have
47. You got to talk
this time for the first time in history.
What Republicans are saying, "Yeah, we
don't have 60 votes. We're not talking
to you our way or the highway." And what
we are saying, sorry, you got to sit
down and talk to us. You got to deal
with the healthcare crisis in this
country.
>> Well, and they have both Republicans
have argued that Democrats should reopen
the government and then they'll
negotiate. Where do you both stand on
that prospect?
>> I don't know. Based on their history,
they have had months and months. This is
not a new thing. Ever since Trump's big
beautiful bill was passed, we knew this
was happening. They've refused to
negotiate. And anyone thinks that
tomorrow they'll suddenly start
negotiating, I think uh is smoking what
is illegal in many states.
>> Okay.
On that front, let's get our legal and
more from the audience. Senator Sanders,
this one's for you. This is Jeffrey
Katz, who is a tax attorney from PTOIC,
Maryland, who says he's a Democrat who
voted for President Trump in the last
election. Uh Jeffrey, what's your
question?
>> Senator Sanders, you've said 50,000
people could die from ACA subsidy cuts,
but right now 1.4 million federal
workers aren't getting paid. How do you
justify choosing a fight over subsidies
that might help people in the future
over workers who are definitely
suffering today?
>> You are talking to along with
Alexandria, one of the strongest
proworker members of the United States
Congress that we are going to fight for
federal workers. And by the way, terms
of the AFT union, you are aware that our
friend in the White House basically in
an unprecedented way decided he wasn't
going to have that union anymore, etc.,
etc. We're going to fight for federal
employees. But what you just said about
50,000 people dying a year, this is
based on studies done from the
University of Pennsylvania and Yale. You
take 15 million people off of their
healthcare, by and large, low-income and
workingclass people. What do you think
is going to happen to them? They don't
go to a doctor. They have chronic
problems. They will die.
>> So this issue, and by the way, if I may,
it's not only about healthcare. Do you
know why we are in the situation we are
today? Why do you think Trump and his
friends made massive cuts to Medicaid
and are forcing us to double premiums
for the ACA?
They gave the 1% in this country a
trillion dollars in tax breaks.
>> A trillion dollars in tax breaks at a
time when we have more income and wealth
inequality than any time in the history
of this country. So, I am not going to
sit back and say, "Yeah, we're going to
let 50,000 people die so that Elon Musk
and Jeff Bezos and other
multi-billionaires can get a tax break."
>> But can I ask you in terms of
negotiations and what's realistic for
the subsidies which expire at the end of
December? Obviously, open enrollment
starts November 1st. Over in the House,
there are 14 House Republicans who have
said that they will sign on and they
will vote for a one-year extension of
the subsidies. House or House Minority
Leader Hakee Jeff said he felt that
proposal was laughable. Do you think
that's laughable or is that something
you could get behind?
>> Yeah. No, let me tell you why it's
laughable. Um because it's cynical.
Republicans want to sign on to just a
one little extra year of these ACA
subsidies. You want to know why? What's
happening next year? Midterm elections.
They want to extend these subsidies just
a year extra so that people don't
realize the dupe that they are pulling
on everyone so that they can all reelect
themselves and allow those things to
expire the moment that they win
re-election. And it is time to get
politics out of what should be a
guaranteed universal right in the United
States of America and that is
healthcare. And so I will not accept a a
measly one-year acceptance of of uh a
measly one-year extension of the ACA. We
need to make sure and I and as a member
of the party, we put negotiations in the
hands of our party's leadership with
Hakee Jeff. He says it's no, it's no.
And we have to make sure that we are
expanding and continuing the fight and
not allowing not falling for the fine
print, not falling for the tricks and
not falling for the politics around
this.
>> If I could add to what Alexandria was
saying, it's not just 15 million people
losing their health insurance and it's
not just tens of millions of people
seeing a doubling or a tripling in their
premiums. our health care system and you
guys can argue with me if you want. I
think our health care system is broken.
I think it is dysfunctional
>> and I think it's on the verge of
collapse.
>> And understand that when we talk about
these massive cuts to healthcare from
Trump and his friends, you're talking
about cuts to nursing homes. You're
talking about cuts to rural hospitals.
You're talking about cuts to community
health centers where 32 million people
get their primary care. This system is
on the verge of collapse.
>> And I would hope that everybody in this
room and everybody in America ask
themselves a very simple question. Why
is the United States, the richest
country in the history of the world, the
only major nation not to guarantee
health care to all people as a human
right?
>> So, can I ask if a one-year extension
you say is measly and doesn't cut it,
what exactly do you want to see? What
would you vote for?
>> Well, again, you know, negotiations are
all about a back and forth, and the idea
of accepting something for nothing, uh,
I don't think is, um, is something that
we're prepared to do. And by that, I
mean that requires Mike Johnson saying
what he's willing to do and engaging in
those negotiations with Hakee Jeff. And
so, this is a team sport. This is about
making sure that we're all uh can come
to something that we can agree with. So,
you know, I I think we know what we will
not accept and what we will not accept
is for these ACA premiums to skyrocket
on the American people. What we will not
accept is the doubling of these premiums
and what we will not accept is allowing
the teetering of this system to collapse
right before everyone's eyes.
>> Okay. So, you won't accept one year. I
know Senator, you've said that you
believe they should be permanent, but in
terms of of what actually happens next
here, what do you need to see for the
the government to be reopened? Can you
walk me through what that looks like?
>> I have a radical idea. You ready for a
radical idea?
>> Let's do what the American people want.
Do a poll. Do a poll. CNN. Ask people
ask people how many think it's a great
idea to give a trillion dollars in tax
breaks to the 1% and decimate the
American healthcare system. And if you
do not have a do not have a strong
majority of Republicans, Democrats, and
independents saying that is crazy, I
will be surprised. Let's do what the
American people want. And at the very
least, as we continue the fight for a
Medicare for all singlepayer system,
we're going to protect people today from
losing their health care or for seeing
their premiums skyrock seeing nursing
homes, community health centers
decimated.
>> But let's say that the White House and
Republican leaders say that they will
extend these subsidies. It's not clear
how long because you say one year is not
enough. Um, they haven't even really put
that forward yet. I think the question
is, does that need to be enshrined into
law? What does that need to look like
before you would vote to reopen the
government? Or is a commitment from the
White House and Republicans enough?
>> No doubt.
>> I mean,
>> the president was a very honest man
>> and if he says something, man, you could
take it to the bank.
>> So, you're saying his word is not
enough?
>> Bankruptcy court.
>> His word. No.
>> So, what would what do you need to see?
What commitments from?
>> Um, I think we need to see ink on paper.
I think we need to see legislation. I
think we need to see votes. And I think
we need to see these things pass uh on
the floor of the House and the Senate
and signed by President Trump. I don't
accept IUS. I don't accept uh pinky
promises. Uh that's not the business
that I'm in.
>> Okay. So, you need a signature from
President Trump in order to vote to
reopen the government.
>> Correct.
>> Okay. Senator Sanders, we've got another
question. This one's for you. Uh this is
Logan Kerry, who is a student at
American University who's a member of
college Republicans and has volunteered
for Republican campaigns. Thank you for
being here, Logan. You're from Green
Maine. Uh what's your question for the
senator?
>> Thank you Senator Sanders. Which
specific Republicans leaders do you
believe you can work with to pass a CR
and reopen the government?
>> Look, that's a great question. And let
me tell you, I can, you know, mention a
number of them. There are some decent,
honest Republicans
>> and you know, in American society, we
believe in democracy. You're a
conservative Republican. Not that we
disagree. So what? It's called America.
We have different points of view. I got
to tell you though, if I may, one of the
things that has concerned me very, very
much
and is that we are seeing the Republican
party
doing less of representing their
districts and their states than just
swearing allegiance to the president of
the United States. Now, I never thought
that I would say this, but you have
somebody like Marjorie Taylor Green
saying, "You know what? I was elected by
my constituents. That's who I am
beholden to, not the president of the
United States.
So, there are good Republicans out there
and if Trump would leave them alone for
five minutes and not threaten them with
a primary if they stood up and did the
right thing, I think we can make
progress. I will give you one story. Tom
Tillis, conservative Republican from
North Carolina, when we debating this
big, beautiful bill, Tyis looks at the
bill, he reasonably says, "This is a
disaster for North Carolina. I can't
vote for it." Literally the next day,
Trump was all over social media. The
billionaires were all over saying,
"Okay, you're finished. We're going to
primary you." And a day later, this guy
says, "I'm out of here. I'm not running
for re-election." All right. That's
where we are right now. And that is a
very serious problem.
>> You mentioned Marjorie Taylor Green.
She's your colleague over in the House.
The way she frames this is she says,
"Democrats created this mess, but
Republicans don't have any solutions to
fix the healthcare issue either." Is she
someone that you could see yourself
working with? Uh on what
>> on the healthare?
>> I mean listen um
I think people
can talk a good game.
Um but until they actually support
policy that helps people uh I you know I
I'm not particularly interested. But if
she wants to if she actually wants to
support legislation and expanding
healthcare, I've I've worked with plenty
of Republicans as well uh on healthcare.
I I have a bill that I've introduced
with uh Congresswoman Malia Takis uh
Republican from New York uh on expanding
maternal health and reauthorizing the
Healthy Start program to help newborn uh
newborns and and new moms be able to
support their kids. And so in in terms
of bipartisan legislation on healthcare,
I'm more than open to doing that. Uh but
it's not just about talking the talk. We
got to walk the walk.
>> And you would need to see her actually
support something that that you're
behind in terms of legislation on
>> healthcare. Yeah.
>> Our next question is for you,
Representative. Uh this is a video
question. It's from Eric Johnson, who
lives in Hernando, Mississippi. He's an
air traffic controller and a father of
four who is joining us via video
tonight. This is his question.
What do you suggest government workers
do for food money when the paychecks
stop coming?
>> I mean, these are the real questions
that we have to be entertaining. And as
I mentioned earlier, the best and most
important solution to this is making
sure that we reopen the government, not
accept the inevitability of this, uh,
and come to a resolution as quickly as
possible. Extending this shutdown would
be a choice. Mike Johnson saying we want
to make this the longest shutdown.
Saying this to prepare for this being
the longest shutdown. That's not
leadership. That is abdication of
responsibility. It's an abdication to
families like his uh in and and a
complete abdication of the
responsibility that we have to people.
Now, that being said, we do have to make
sure that we come together as
communities and that we also
systemically expand our programming like
the SNAP cuts that just happened in
addition to the trillion dollars in
healthcare cuts as well for families
that are under financial duress.
>> You mentioned what Sper Speaker Johnson
has said about how long this could go
on. Uh we've heard from Senator Schumer
as well who said the other day um that
as long as this shutdown continues, he
said quote, "Every day gets better for
us." Do you think every day though gets
better for someone like Eric?
>> No. I mean, it's
at the end of the day, this needs to be
as short as possible. We do not want the
government to be shut down. We don't
This is not something that is good for
any American. It's not good for the
million federal workers that that are
that are out there right now. It's not
good for the Americans that rely on
federal services. It's not good for
people who are traveling uh and can't
get through an airport because TSA
workers are not being paid. So, we have
to make sure that this is as swift and
as short as as possible.
>> Well, and speaking of airports and what
air traffic controllers are having to go
through, not getting paid. I mean, he's
a father of four, so I can't even
imagine how that feels. And Senator
Sanders, on that front, in a CNN story
the other day, there was a senior um
Democratic aid who told CNN last week
that Democrats won't back down on their
demands here short of quote planes
falling out of the sky.
>> All right. What can I tell you? That's
obviously unacceptable. Look, what we
are dealing with is an unprecedented
moment in American history. All right?
So, it's not only a debate about whether
or not we can save health care for tens
and tens of millions of Americans. It's
also a broader issue.
And that issue is whether or not we will
accept the reality
that a handful of very very wealthy
people are now making out like bandits
while 60% of our people are living
paycheck to paycheck. So I think what we
are saying is that now is the time not
just on healthcare but all across all
across the spectrum. People can't afford
groceries. The housing crisis is
enormous. people paying 40 50% of their
limited incomes for housing. And all the
while while workingass families are
struggling to put food on the table,
Trump gives his billionaire friends huge
tax breaks and they are getting richer
and richer. So what all of this is about
is do the American people come together
and demand that we have a government
that represents all of us or just
wealthy campaign contributors. That is
essentially what this whole fight is
about. And right now healthcare is in
the middle of it. But there are a lot of
other issues. I worry very much, you
know, and Alexander and I were on the
road talking about this issue that we
are increasingly becoming an oligarchic
form of society where a very small
number of people not only control our
economy but through their campaign
contributions have huge influence over
both political parties. And if there was
ever a time in American history when we
have got to stand up and fight for
working families, fight to prevent
authoritarianism taking place in this
country, this is the moment.
>> But you're saying it's bigger than just
about healthare.
>> Healthcare is huge. When 50,000 people a
year may die because of Trump's cuts,
that in itself is huge. But the issue is
even broader than that. It's do you have
a government that represents you and you
or a government that represents
billionaires who want more and more tax
breaks and more and more favors from the
government. That's really what this
struggle is about.
>> Senator Sanders, our next question is
for you. Nicole Pavitzka is here with us
tonight. Thank you so much. She's a
Democrat and a student at George
Washington University from Sunnyville,
California. What's your question?
>> Hello. Republicans have been appealing
to audiences, especially young people
like myself, online using social media.
Why does Republican messaging on social
media seem so much more effective than
Democratic messaging and what can we do
about it?
>> Well, that's a great question.
Uh,
I think the Republicans are effective.
They have learned a lot about social
media. And by the way, it doesn't hurt
that their friends own all of the major
uh social media platforms. You know,
Bezos
uh owns uh Twitter or X. Uh Zuckerberg
uh owns uh Meta, Facebook, and
Instagram. Uh Mr. Ellison is going to
own you pretty soon. I think he's going
to take over CNN, not to mention uh CBS.
Uh so these guys have, you know, they
can use algorithms to help themselves.
But to answer your question, look, it
gets back to something that I have been
talking about, Alexandria, others have
been talking about. What does the
Democratic Party stand for? And I think
messaging becomes easy when you're
prepared to stand up and fight the right
fights. And what is the right fight? At
a time when the top 1% owns more wealth
than the bottom 93% and the rich are
getting richer while working families
are struggling, you tell me what the
issue is. And the issue is whether you
stand with the working class of this
country or with wealthy campaign
contributors. And we're seeing more and
more Democrats around the country. by
the way, beginning to understand that.
>> But to her question about how you're
reaching out to people, the two of you
did a video recently that got millions
of views explaining the government
shutdown, talking about why you think
this fight is worth it. Democratic
leaders did one a live stream that only
got tens a couple tens of thousands of
views, much less than than both of
y'all's. Do Democratic leaders need to
up their game and how they're reaching
people?
>> This is the master of social media. I'll
let her answer that. Well, you know, I
think to to Bernie's point, um
we're successful in these mediums when
we're clear about what we believe. And
whether in the great diversity of our
country, in the very different
perspectives that we may have, I know
very concretely what I believe, Bernie
knows very concretely what he believes,
that healthcare is a human right and
that the minimum wage should be a living
wage in this country. that public
colleges and universities should be
tuition free, that no person in this
country, in the wealthiest nation in the
history of the world should be too poor
to live and
in
and it is it is clear to communicate
that as an individual. Um now to to the
question earlier as well when they talk
about Republicans uh and their success
online they have been successful because
they have also been very clear
especially digitally about what they
believe that women are inferior
that do not and they do not deserve
equal rights that they believe that
LGBTQ Americans are subhuman
that they believe and are circulating
disgusting
racial
and and white supremacist messaging that
they are able to get away with digital
digitally and online. And they are able
to radicalize and target and exploit a
generation of young boys in particular
away from healthy masculinity and into
an insecure masculinity that requires
the domination of others who are poorer,
browner, darker, or a different gender
than them.
And that is why they are resonating
online because they are appealing to the
most basist and worst parts of human
nature to divide us. And why to divide
us? So that the same people who own
those platforms, people like Elon Musk,
Peter Teal, Mark Zuckerberg,
that these people can continue to get
away with highway robbery in tax cuts
and in order to fleece all of our
pockets, cut our health care, keep our
wages low so that they can so that we
remain fighting amongst ourselves while
while they make themselves richer. And
so in order for us to fight back against
that, we must be clear about what we
believe, have strong beliefs,
and also be completely unwilling to bow
to that kind of division and stand in
solidarity with one another, especially
when it is someone whose culture is
different from ours or whose background
we may not entirely understand, but that
we honor, love, and see as our fellow
Americans. Representative Okasio Cortez,
Senator Sanders, we have a lot more
questions for both of you coming up.
We're going to take a short break and be
right back with our CNN town hall.
And we are back with Senator Bernie
Sanders and Representative Alexandria
Okasio Cortez here tonight for our CNN
town hall. Representative, this next
question is for you and it comes from
Ashley Vasquez who is uh from Washington
DC and is an attorney with the
Department of Housing and Urban
Development who is currently furled. Uh
I should note that Ashley and four of
her colleagues have filed a lawsuit
alleging that HUD retaliated against
them for helping others exercise their
rights under the Fair Housing Act.
Ashley, what's your question tonight?
>> Thank you. Uh just to reiterate, I am
speaking on my personal capacity, not
representing the government, and I'm
here with some of my colleagues who have
been fired for speaking up and speaking
out. So my question is about
retaliation. Uh many federal career
federal employees have been afraid to
speak up. They've been afraid to push
back on illegal orders and some have
even felt the need to comply in advance
to prove their loyalty and protect their
jobs. What would you say to those career
federal employees? And is there anything
at all that can be done to stop the
retaliation and overcome this culture of
fear?
>> Well, thank you. Thank you for your
question and you know I think uh even
all of us heard at the top of the show
tonight that many of the federal workers
here uh are not having
that CNN is not disclosing the party
affiliation of the federal workers that
are here tonight and that's for a reason
precisely because of the question that
you're asking because there is a fear
over political retaliation by this
administration and a singling out and
isolating of career federal workers
based on party affiliation just in their
participation in public civic discourse.
And this is from a Republican party that
claims to believe in free speech, which
we know from their actions in the last
couple of months have actually been
doing nothing but the opposite. No one
should be afraid of retaliation in their
workplace. It's just unacceptable.
And it's not we're not just talking
about the Department of Housing and
Urban Development. We're seeing this as
as well at the FDA, the CDC,
the NIH, where people's lives are
literally on the line.
People are being fired. Career, we're
not talking about political appointees.
We're talking about career civil
servants. people who have been
scientists for 20 years developing next
the next generation of chemotherapy
treatments. People the the the the
absolute public servants who by the way
forego very often lucrative careers in
the private sector because they believe
in the values of public service. That is
who this administration is targeting
over what what we saw that this
administration was directing everyday
federal workers to put in their email
signatures partisan
partisan messaging that is likely in
violation of the Hatch Act. And so this
this intimidation that people are
feeling is not just about expressing
themselves. They feel that this
administration is trying to pressure
them into breaking the law or else they
will lose their job.
>> Well, and to follow up with you on that
in terms of the federal layoffs that the
White House has been warning more will
come if the government stays shut down.
Um, and they're saying Democrats will
take the blame for that. They also say
that they're pulling funding for a lot
of projects. The president described
them as Democrat oriented projects. One
of that is they're withholding about $18
billion in funding for two
infrastructure projects in your state.
How do you and can you fight back
against that?
>> Oh, absolutely. I mean, once again, this
administration is making a foolish
mistake by saying that they think that
investments in housing and in energy are
so-called Democrat priorities. Cutting
the EPA as a Democrat priority. You know
what this country looked like before the
EPA? Rivers in rural areas were on fire
because of corporations poisoning the
people who lived in those areas. Poor
middle class communities getting
poisoned and dumped on by corporations
like Deote and 3M pouring chemicals into
these places. And they want to call it a
Democratic priority
and that's why they want to eliminate
the FDA. Well, you know what? You're
damn well right that it's a Democratic
priority to keep people from getting
poisoned, from identifying dangerous
chemicals that are being dumped and and
causing cancer in people without their
knowledge. You're damn right that it's a
Democratic priority to bring down the
cost of housing and mortgages and rent.
And you're damn right that it's a
Democratic priority to raise the minimum
wage in this country to allow people to
get a fair shot at the American dream.
If they want to say that that's a
Democratic priority, they're right. and
they are targeting all of us with this.
And so I do think it's important for us
to remember that and that these
priorities are actually not partisan at
all.
>> And Senator Sanders, on on this front,
when we look at funding that Congress
has already approved, one thing
Democrats want to try to do here is to
limit the White House's and the
president's ability to resend funding
that's been approved by Congress. As
you're negotiating a deal, or if we try
to get closer to one, is that something
that's a deal breakaker for you?
>> Absolutely.
You know, we are beginning. One of the
things that frightens me, Caitlyn, is we
begin to accept as normal the
unconstitutional,
illegal, and outrageous actions on the
part of the White House. Can you imagine
anybody
ever thinking that it would be
acceptable for somebody to say, "Oh,
people in New York and California and
Vermont, they didn't vote for me. I'm
not going to put federal funds into
those states. You didn't vote for me.
We right now have a president who was
targeting the attorney general of New
York State
>> who was targeting a United States
senator because they did their jobs.
Former head of the FBI. What he is
trying to do and what ICE raids and
knocking down doors are about is to make
all of you afraid. You're a federal
employee. Don't speak up. You're a
government official. Don't speak up.
You're in a law firm that somehow had
clients taking on Trump. Don't speak up
because they're going to punish you. You
are on CNN. We're going to sue you if
you ask the wrong questions.
My friends, what this is about is a
movement toward authoritarianism,
>> intimidating us all,
making us afraid. And you stop and you
think, what is this country about? What
makes us the great country that people
all over the world have always envied,
looked to? It's the word freedom. It's
the right to descent. You disagree with
me, that's fine. We have free election.
You want to beat me in an election, go
for it. You're a newspaper writer, write
what you want. It's not having a
president trying to intimidate you, sue
you, cut your funding because you
disagree with them.
>> And that is the issue that we have got
to also address. Not just healthcare,
not just housing. It's whether or not we
stand up for the freedoms that millions
of Americans fought and died to defend.
>> Are you either of you going to demand
that they release the funding for those
two? Absolutely. in order to reopen the
government.
>> Of course. Well, you know, here's what
we have to not only should should the
this infrastructure funding be released.
But in New York,
which this administration is targeting
uh in some of these infrastructure
cancellations, some of the projects that
they have canled have been largecale
wind energy projects. And again, they
think this is a democratic priority,
right? Because it's because it's wind
energy. But this is energy period. In
New York State, Coned bills, that's our
energy utility. Coned bills are set to
go up, go up almost another $100 next
year because of those cancellations
that's affecting and it's jacking up the
prices in Mike Lawler's district, in
Nicole Malotakus' district, in
Republican districts across the state.
It is affecting and they are jacking up
the price the prices on MAGA voters too.
They it is killing all of us. And so
while they think that sabotaging energy
projects in this country which by the
way oil and gas much more volatile that
goes up and down all the time that they
think sabotaging these projects are
somehow
owning the libs. No. Well, and I should
note that Mike Lawler has told us he's
actually trying to get the
administration to reverse that that
holding on that funding. Senator Sanders
though on the
>> shut down if I might.
>> But can I ask you on the shadow because
I've got a housing question for you
coming up.
>> All right. I'm happy to answer that, but
let me also just add on to what
Alexandria said. I give you an example
of cutting quote unquote Democratic
programs. I managed to get a $7 billion
provision in the inflation reduction
act. You know what it does? It will help
low-income and workingclass people
install solar panels on their rooftops.
If you have solar on your rooftop, you
know what? Your electric bill will go
down 70, 80, 90%. We're going to create
all kinds of jobs doing that, building
the solar, installing the solar. They
We're suing them, but they cut that
program. a democratic significantly
reduce electric costs for workingclass
people in America. That is a mentality
and by the way it's part of a mentality
of Trump which thinks that climate
change is a hoax.
>> Well, and they've warned that more cuts
could come the longer the shutdown goes
on. Uh Senator Bobby Harms is joining
us. She's a bartender from Horn Lake,
Mississippi. She is a Democrat. She
submitted her question uh via video.
>> A Democrat from Mississippi.
>> Indeed.
>> All right. There we go.
My American dream has turned into a
nightmare. My family was only days away
from closing on a USDA loan for our
dream home. Then came news of the
shutdown, and now we face uncertainty.
Our lease is up, and now we have to
move. The shutdown is costing us our
chance to live our dream. What are you
doing to end this stalemate and help
restore faith in our elected officials,
the people I helped to choose to guard
my American dream?
We're going to do everything that we can
to bring an end to this terrible
shutdown which is hurting you and which
is hurting a million federal employees
and millions of people who use federal
services.
But also we have got to be cognizant
that if Trump wins this fight, our
health care system could well collapse
and tens of thousands of people could
die every single year.
Do you think Trump could win this fight?
>> No, we're going to win it. But it's not
I don't want to look at it like a
political fight. We're going to win it
because the American people are on our
side. If you are or you're a Republican
congresswoman, you're going to go back
to your district and people are going to
say to you, "Why are you doubling my
insurance premiums? Why did you throw me
off of healthcare?" That's a fight that
Republicans are not going to win. Well,
and to Bobby's question, Representative,
earlier you said that House Speaker Mike
Johnson said he wants this shutdown to
be one of the longest in history. I
believe he said it could be one of the
longest in history. He was saying that
more of a warning about how long it
could go on. I don't think it was a
threat, but I do think people want to
know how long they should brace for this
to potentially go on for. Do you think
by Thanksgiving the government could
still be shut down? I mean, I would
certainly hope not. I would certainly
hope not. I My hope is that we're able
to resolve this as quickly as possible.
I'm ready to negotiate. Bernie's ready
to negotiate. I mean, we are all open
and ready to
>> Is anyone actually negotiating right
now? Because you hear from
>> Let me reiterate one point. Republicans
aren't in town. How do you negotiate
with people who refuse even to show up
to do their job? They're on vacation for
what, a month or a
>> Yes. Yes. House Republicans have been on
vacation for a while.
>> But the Republican senators are here and
House Speaker Mike Johnson, we've had
him on. He said, "We've done our job. We
passed the clean CR in the House. It's
now up to the Senate to to make these
negotiations.
>> They need to pick up a phone, Caitlyn.
It's They need to pick up a phone.
They're saying that they're doing all
this work. They are twiddling their
thumbs and talking to each other. They
They It It is actually an unconscionable
abdication and refusal to work. They
refuse. I've never seen people who hate
working so much in my life.
I mean, genuinely, they won't even pick
up the phone. They won't. If I were Mike
Johnson, you should be in that office
negotiating with Hakee Jeff every damn
day until we reopen this government. And
any day that you don't do that is a
failure. It is a failure. And until
there is accountability for people who
refuse to work to work, then we're going
to continue to be in this cycle. So, you
know, in the Senate, the the the Senate
majority leader is John Thoon. They
should he should be negotiating with
Chuck Schumer. President Trump should be
having congressional leaders in the
White House. Do you see that every day?
No, you don't. Because they're playing
golf and they're going to Mara Lago and
the House and and uh and Republicans in
the House have been on vacation for
weeks now. We are here in Washington DC.
We are ready to work. We are ready to
strike a deal. We're not here to just be
my way and the highway about everything,
but we're what we're also not going to
accept is the complete collapse of the
American health care system. So that
just just because the Republican party
has decided to take a million federal
workers hostage.
>> Can I ask you on that because you before
have said a government host a government
shutdown is like hostage taking when it
comes to to paychecks because you came
into office actually during a government
shutdown, the longest in US history. So,
what would you say to Republicans who
say you're doing the hostage taking this
time?
>> Once again,
pick up the phone. They need to pick up
the phone. And it's not hostage taking
if they refuse to clock in, right? We're
all clocked in. We're all clocked in to
do the job. They're not even here.
They're not even here. And so, it's not
hostage taking as much as the fact is
they refuse to show up and do the job.
Once again, the law is in the Senate,
they need 60 votes. They don't have 60
votes. They've got 53 or maybe even 52.
That means you have to sit down and talk
to the other side. It is not
complicated. They are not doing that.
>> Yeah. Every each side is saying that no
one's talking. And speaking of what's
happening in the Senate, Senator
Sanders, this next question is for you.
It's from Rohan Naval, who is joining us
here tonight. Thank you so much for
being here. He said he's a Republican
and a student at American University and
that you interned for the conservative
group Americans for Tax Reform. Uh
what's your question?
>> Yes. Thank you for your time, Senator.
How do you think this shutdown reflects
on Chuck Schumer's leadership?
>> Well, I think it reflects more on Mike
Johnson's leadership and President
Trump's leadership. Uh this is a
leadership which said it's okay to give
a tr Well, how do you feel? You tell me.
Do you think it's a good idea to give a
trillion dollars in tax breaks to the
richest people in the country and then
make massive cuts to healthcare for
working-class people?
>> I think Chuck Schumer has voted for
continuing resolutions 13 times in the
last four years and he has the
opportunity to vote for one again, but
he's refusing to come to the table.
>> I I think look, as I have said,
there are 53 Republicans in the Senate.
Correct?
>> Yes.
>> They need 60.
What does that mean? It means you have
to talk to the other side. Mike Johnson
is not talking. John Thun is not
talking. President Trump is not talking.
That is the problem.
>> Well, they say their position is reopen
the government and then we'll talk. Who
changes their strategy first? Who's
going to blink first? I think is a
question a lot of people have.
>> Well, I certainly hope it's not a this
is not a game. I mean, a lot of lives
are at stake in terms of our federal
employees who are hurt in terms of tens
of millions of people who are going to
suffer from these healthcare proposals.
So, I hope the Republicans do the right
thing. Come to the damn table and talk.
>> Can I ask you, Representative Okasio
Cortez, on that because we actually
heard from House Speaker Mike Johnson
today on Chuck Schumer. He said he's
supporting the shutdown to prevent a
primary challenge from his left wing. Do
you think that's what's driving Senator
Schumer here?
>> No, absolutely not. That is it is so
it's such an insane uh suggestion and in
fact it speaks to how desperate they
are. This claim has been Mike Johnson's
been saying this, John Thoon's been
saying this. They they are saying this
because they are refusing to do their
job. They're grasping for straws.
They're trying to make this about
political tabloids and political
intrigue and horse races. exactly the
kinds of things that people are sick of
in this country. We're sick of it. We're
sick of talking about these horse races
and we're sick of of leaders who only
want to spend their time talking about
that instead of talking about real
issues that affect our lives. Instead of
talking about health care, instead of
talking about wages, instead of talking
about having air that's drinkable, I
mean air that that's breathable and
water and water that's drinkable. And
it's it it is honestly astonishing to me
that the speaker of the house would
waste his time on something so innane
and silly instead of actually worrying
about his own constituents who are
suffering at the hands of his
leadership.
>> But are you saying that Senator Schumer
should not be worried about a primary
challenge from you?
>> I mean,
>> all right.
>> No,
>> let me jump in on this one. Let me This
is See, this is what we're talking
about.
>> That's exactly what we're talking. We
have a country that is falling apart. We
had a house housing crisis, a healthcare
crisis, an education crisis, massive
income and wealth inequality, a corrupt
campaign finances, and the media says,
"Oh, you going to run? What are you
going to run for?" Nobody cares. She'll
run more torch.
>> Nobody cares. It's the House Speaker and
President Trump and the vice president
saying it,
>> right?
>> Pardon?
>> Well, of course, they're saying it to
deflect attention away from the real
issues.
>> Exactly.
>> And here, let me tell you what the real
issue is. Let's see if CNN talks about
it. We're living in the richest country
in the history of the world. Right?
>> All right. You tell me why we're the
only nation not to guarantee healthcare
to all people. The only nation not to
guarantee paid family and medical leave.
Why we have a $725 an hour minimum wage?
Why we have 800,000 people sleeping out
on the street. Why we have a president
who denies the reality of climate
change. Why we have oligarchs on top who
have more and more power every day.
Let's talk about that issue, not her own
political future. She'll decide that.
>> On that note, Senator Sanders,
Representative Okaziocortez, we have
many more questions coming up. We'll be
right back from our CNN town hall right
after this.
>> And welcome back to our CNN town hall
with Senator Bernie Sanders and
Representative Alexandria Okasiocortez.
Senator, I'd like to ask you about some
uh breaking news that happened today and
what we had heard um from the White
House. The president confirmed that
there are CIA actions happening in
Venezuela. We've seen multiple strikes
happening on what they allege are are
drug boats out in open waters. Do are
you worried about this escalating
further from here?
>> Well, I am worried again about the
president acting in an unconstitutional
way. Constitution is pretty clear. You
want to go to war, you got to go to
Congress. You got to need authority from
Congress. Think about what kind of world
we live in if just governments are busy
bombing and attacking other countries at
will. So that concerns me very much. Uh
so yeah, I am concerned about
>> and his argument is he's saving lives
because he's alleging that they're
>> good. They come to the Congress and
explain to us why you are doing that and
if it makes sense, you'll get support.
>> Okay. So you're not saying you're
against it. You're just saying you'd
like to have them.
>> You're saying that the president is
acting unilaterally in violation of the
Constitution. That's a pretty big deal.
And Representative Accassiocortez,
another question tonight when it comes
to how this shutdown is playing out here
in Washington. I want to bring in Jill
Ireland who is a Democrat who works in
insurance. She's from Santa Barbara,
California, and her question is
appearing via video tonight.
>> Hello. My question is, do you think that
taxpayers should be paying for the
medical care of immigrants that are in
the country illegally? Thank you.
Well, we already know um and this is a
common this is a common lie that
Republicans have been repeating that
this shutdown is about Democrats trying
to uh provide health care to the
undocumented.
And um and we all know we already know
that it is federal law and federal
statute that undocumented people cannot
be covered by the ACA. They cannot be
covered by Medicaid. They cannot be
covered by Medicare. Period. That is the
law of the land. There are plenty of
federal laws on the books. Now, the vice
president has been trafficking this
other misconception saying that the
emergency Medicaid program is doing is
providing health care to undocumented
people. that too is I is a complete just
I don't even know whole cloth
storytelling we should say the truth of
the matter is that we have a federal law
as it should be that any person who
walks into a hospital in desperate need
of medical attention receives that
medical attention regardless of their
insurance status and regardless of who
they are and I don't know about you. But
me as a human being, I don't want to
live in a world where if a human being
is struck by a car or is getting rushed
into a hospital that the people in the
ER surgical room are asking for your
insurance information or asking for
documents before they save your life.
But can I ask you on this to follow up
because you said that it is federal law
that people undocumented undocumented
immigrants can't get Medicare, Medicaid,
the Obamacare subsidies. Do you believe
that should be the law though or do you
think undocumented immigrants should
have access to federally funded
healthare?
>> I I believe personally that healthc care
is a human right. I believe that every
person should be able to go to the
doctor but I believe that right now
federal law is the federal law and that
and that absolutely you know that that
US citizens and people who pay into our
our programs deserve to uh to be covered
by these programs. And I mean once again
I do believe that the federal laws that
we have on the books are appropriate are
the right ones. Do you believe that that
should be changed?
>> Pardon?
>> If you could choose. Do you believe that
the federal law should be changed?
>> I don't. I believe in a singlepayer
health care system where if you go in
and you need a doctor, you can get the
medical attention that you need.
>> Okay. Let me just
make a point here. Do you know what
demagogues like Trump always do?
Instead of addressing the real crises
facing our country, why are we the only
major country not to guarantee
healthcare while spending twice as much
per person, we're spending $14,500?
It's a good debate, right? Let's have
that debate. You hearing Trump talking
about that? No.
>> No.
>> Why are we having a high housing crisis
when millions of people are spending 40
50% of their limited? Let's discuss
that. Do you know what demagogues do
guys? What they do is they find a
powerless minority. In Europe during the
30s, it was the Jews. Then it's the
gypsies. In America, it's historically
been black people. It's been gay people.
It's been Latino. You name your pick.
You got a powerless minority. Let's
blame them for everything.
>> It's true.
>> But you know what? They don't blame
somehow or another. They don't blame the
billionaires who run the country cuz
those guys finance their campaigns.
They're trying to divide us up. And what
we have got to do is understand we are
the majority. Most Americans think
healthcare is a right. Most Americans
think we should have a minimum wage,
which is a living wage. Most Americans
don't believe we should give tax breaks
to billionaires and cut back on
education. Let's bring our people
together, not fall for the demagoguery
of Trump and his friends.
>> And by the way, this is not the first
time that Republicans and and the
administration does does things like
this. We have something on the books
known as the Hight Amendment, which
prevents women in this country from
being able to access reproductive health
care services and abortion care services
if they are on Medicaid or if they have
any federally subsidized health care.
And so targeting minorities, targeting
vulnerable populations, making health
care controversial in this country is
exactly how they keep us fighting and
distracted. These policy debates are
more than than than substantive merited.
We can have these conversations as we
have, but let's not trick ourselves into
thinking that they somehow are fighting
for every American to have health care,
to improving health care, to expanding
health care, when what they're far more
interested in doing is protecting the
insurance company's profit margins that
are forcing you to pay more money for
less care.
>> Can I ask on that? Because Speaker
Johnson said something to the effect the
other day that Republicans are actually
the party that wants to fix health care
by addressing issues with it as they he
says they did in the one big beautiful
bill. What would you say to that?
>> Excuse me. Did he really say that?
>> Yeah, he did.
>> They're trying to fix healthcare by
throwing 15 million people off of it.
>> Is that how they fix healthare?
>> That's a kind of strange way to fix
healthcare.
>> Uh look, here's the point.
United States, richest country on earth,
only country not to guarantee healthcare
to all people. You go up to Canada, is
their system perfect? No. You have a
serious operation. You're in the
hospital for a month. You know what your
bill is when you get out? Zero. They
spend half as much as we do per capita.
So, you got a health care system which
is a disaster except for one thing.
Here's the good news.
Drug companies last year charging us the
highest prices in the world for
prescription drugs made over hund00
billion dollars in profit. Insurance
companies make tens of millions of
dollars. They pay their CEOs 2030
million dollars a year. The function of
the American health care system and Mr.
Johnson is not going to address it. The
function of this system is to guarantee
huge profits for the drug companies and
the insurance companies and they could
care less about the needs of ordinary
people. Well, and I know you and I have
discussed before there are areas with
the president lowering drug prices where
you agree with some of the steps that
they're taking or at least trying to
take. Um, but on this front, I want to
get back to the questions because we
have another one for you,
Representative. This is from Nevin Scalo
who is here tonight from Hanesville,
Hannesville, Illinois, who works in
medical sales. Uh, he says he voted
Republican for the first time in 2024.
Thank you for being here. What's your
question?
>> One reason Americans are losing faith in
government is that neither side seems
willing to acknowledge when the other
gets something right. It feels like any
success from the opposing party must
automatically be discredited. Don't
Democrats risk alienating voters by
refusing to give credit, even to Trump,
when a policy or action genuinely
benefits the country? Isn't part of
restoring trust in leadership being
honest enough to say yes, that worked?
>> Yeah. Well, you know, I think there's
we're more than willing to be able to
come together in the things that are
most important to us. I I work regularly
with Republicans in the House and I
applaud when uh when we're able to
pursue work together. I'll give you a
great I'll give you one example. Uh
towards the end of last year,
Republicans and Democrats um both
champion something known as PBM reform,
pharmacy benefit manager reform. This is
a middleman in our prescription drugs
that the insurers use and lots of other
folks use to jack up the price of your
prescriptions. Uh and we Republicans
have been uh have been going after PBM
reform. In fact, I spoke with um with a
chairman of one of the committees and he
said, "I want to go AOC on PBMs."
there is possibility
uh for us to work with one another.
President Trump in fact had endorsed it
at the end of December and I am fully in
support of this effort to make sure that
we reform PBMs. Now politics did get in
the way. This was at the end of last
year. Elon Musk sent a tweet. We had it
ready to go and and this was going to
change the lives of millions of people
and small businesses across the United
States, small neighborhood pharmacists.
And what we saw was that Elon Musk sent
a tweet. Donald Trump agreed with it.
House Republicans agreed with it. Senate
Republicans agreed with it. I was more
than happy to champion this uh because
it's the right thing to do and that's
what should come first. Now, a tweet
made it go all the way, you know, kind
of kind of can the whole thing. But
should President Trump re, you know,
revive this, should House Republicans
revive this, I would be more than happy,
ausive, as I have been in the past, uh,
about the ability to call a win a win
because it's not about whether it's a
win for Republicans or a win for
Democrats. It's about whether it's a win
for people. Can I ask you on that front?
I don't think I've seen you say anything
publicly, maybe I'm wrong, about the
ceasefire in Gaza. Do you believe
President Trump deserves credit for
that?
>> Well, you know, I find
these there have been several ceasefire
announcements and developments that have
happened over the past two years. Uh I
think that the release of of the
hostages is a tremendous accomplishment
and it is providing so much healing. uh
to to so many people, Israelis and
Palestinians, and it is a profound and
important moment in this conflict. I
also think that as President Trump was
on the plane back to the United States,
there's already indications and
questions about whether this ceasefire
will hold. And I pray that it does for
for for
everyone's benefit. I pray that it does.
Um but I do believe we need to see if it
holds. I don't believe that uh there's
been a history of fidelity to these
agreements and so I think we have to
ensure that uh that we will see the
terms held to.
>> But do you give him credit? Do you give
him credit though for getting to this
point where it did get those 20 hostages
back home with their families
>> in this particular development? Yes. But
we also know that President Trump uh was
an obstacle to peace u previously as
well. I I get I to be honest with you, I
get a little bit annoyed when everyone's
talking about credit. Let's take a
>> That's right.
>> hard look at what's going on there.
>> Why do you get annoyed by that?
>> I'll tell you why.
>> Gaza has a population of 2.2 million
people.
>> In the last two years, 160,000 people
have been wounded, mostly women,
children, and the elderly. 65,000 people
have been killed. women, children, and
the elderly predominantly. That is 10%
10% of the population of Gaza in
America. You know what that would mean?
Three 33 million people dead or wounded.
A disaster, a genocide, if you like. The
entire infrastructure of Gaza,
hospitals, schools, water systems,
wastewater plants have been destroyed
under Trump supporting. And by the way,
what bothers me as an American,
>> we have given under Biden and under
Trump $22 billion to Netanyahu's
extremist government,
which for the last month or two have
been starving children. That has been
their policy.
>> That's right. So Caitlyn, when you talk
about are we overjoyed that the hostages
are back, the prisoners are released,
that finally there is peace, hopefully
hopefully it lasts. Yes, absolutely. But
I think not as this is not a time for
credit. This is a time to think about
American policy. Are we happy that we
have given tens of billions of dollars
to destroy the Palestinian people?
Israel had a right to defend itself.
They were attacked by a terrorist group.
they did not have a right to go to an
allout war against women and children in
Gaza.
>> And moreover on this issue as well is
that
we may have an announcement around a
ceasefire, but Gaza has been flattened.
Tens of thousands of people are dead,
universities gone, hospitals eliminated
with Americanmade bombs.
with our tax dollars
while you and me and our families can't
even afford to put food on the table.
And so I welcome the sessation of these
bombs dropping in Gaza, but I don't it
the devastation of everything that we
have endured up until this point is not
something that I think we should
celebrate. The United States played a
role in all of this destruction to begin
with by enabling Benjamin Netanyahu in
in dropping all of these bombs by
refusing to enforce our own American
laws and the Lehi laws on the books
which which says that we cannot be
transferring weapons to forces that are
engaged in gross human rights violations
and we look the other way because we
deem them an ally. And you're saying
that's not something that you're a
criticism that you're just applying to
President Trump in terms
of
>> President Biden did it and I have and I
have absolutely uh said that to him in
in person as well. Bernie and I
>> we spent a long time with President
Biden trying to make the case
>> given we've I've given President Biden
hell about this and President Trump has
absolutely been part of this problem as
well. In fact, he was uh bragging
publicly about Benjamin Netanyahu
ringing him up and asking for all these
kinds of bombs that he doesn't even know
the United States has and him signing
off on it.
>> Can I ask you just to to finish on this,
Senator Sanders, though, but President
Trump might look at this and say, "Well,
we had an agreement. It was my
negotiators who got Hamas to the table
and Israel to the table and had Egypt
and the Qataris help broker this." and
he says, "Well, at least there's no
fighting now because they wanted to
bring it."
>> Every sane person and certainly the
people in Gaza and Israel are delighted
with the ceasefire. We hope it holds.
>> The United States essentially funded
this war. If I am funding you, all I got
to do is say, "Hey, Benjamin, guess
what? You end this war right now. No
more money, no more bombs, no more other
military support." In other words, the
United States has been from day one
under Biden, under Trump in the driver's
seat.
>> We've got more questions from our
audience here tonight. Representative,
this one's for you, actually. And thank
you so much for being here. This is
Justin Hog, who is a student at Howard
University, and also a member of the
College Democrats from Burlington
Township, New Jersey. Thank you for
being here. What's your question for the
representative?
>> Thank you, Congresswoman Okacio Cortez.
Um, you endorsed Dorman Mandomy in the
New York City mayoral race, but several
prominent Democrats, including Senate
Majority Leader Chuck Schumer and House
Minority Leader Hakee Jeff, have not yet
endorsed him. What do you believe this
says about the current divide between
the progressive and establishment wings
of the Democratic Party? And what effect
do you think this has on party unity?
Mhm. Well, I mean, I have uh stated this
for quite some time, uh, which is that
Democrats have primaries for a reason.
We may have our differences amongst one
another within the party. Some may be
more conservative, some may be more
liberal or or any other number of
differences. That's what we have
primaries for. I believe in endorsing
the nominee of the party after a primary
is has resolved itself. And the reason I
I say that is because I worry that when
we don't follow that principle, in fact,
it is most important to follow that
principle when the winner of the primary
is not someone we agree with. You know,
I I I endorsed Bernie in 2020 when he
ran against President Biden. President
Biden won that nomination and we all had
to come together and do the work of
supporting our party's nominee
in order to make sure that we win. And
so I do worry about the example it sets
when our leaders do not support the
party nominee because in the future we
will need
we will need folks to rally behind the
presidential nominee and if that nominee
is more moderate or if that nominee is
more progressive and we're setting the
precedent of not endorsing the nominee
unless we agree with them. I worry about
what what example that that sets. And so
I have made myself very clear about
that. But my hope is that it's never too
late to do the right thing. And election
day is just a month away, just three
weeks away. And so um
>> so it sounds like you're calling on
Hakee Jeff and Chuck Schumer to endorse
the run.
>> I think I think I believe that I I do
believe in in endorsing the nominee and
I think it's the right thing to do.
Senator Sanders, you agree?
>> Let me just add to that. She's much
nicer than nicer to people. Look, take a
look. You got a Democratic party.
There's no great secret that is kind of
in the doldrums right now. Everybody
acknowledges that. You got a candidate
in New York City, Zaran Manani, guy
who's running an extraordinary campaign.
He has something like 80,000
volunteers knocking on doors.
>> He is bringing people out who never
voted. He's bringing blacks and whites
and Latinos and Asians, everybody
together around a really strong agenda
talking about affordability in New York.
What is not to like?
This should be the kind of candidate
that Democrats want in every state in
the country. Strong grassroots
campaigns, a willingness to take on the
oligarchs and the big money interests,
stand up for workingclass people. So
really that's a great question but it
comes it's very deep because it talks
about the future of the Democratic party
>> but are you speaking directly to Hakee
Jeff and Chuck Schumer when you deliver
that message?
>> Sure I am.
>> Hakee you watching this? I don't know.
>> But look it is two things. Of course
Alexander is right. He's the Democratic
nominee. How do you not support the
Democratic? But more important
>> who else are we going to support?
>> He's a great candidate. This should be
the model what we want. You know, we got
political problems in America. People
have given up on the political process.
He's getting people excited, getting
them involved. I would like to see that
take place in 50 states in this country.
>> On that front, we have another question
here. Vikram Sardana is a software
engineer from Alexandria, Virginia, and
you have volunteered for Democratic
campaigns. Um, what's your question for
Senator Sanders?
>> Hi. Uh on the issue of health care, a
lot of the clinics and hospitals that
are negatively affected the most under
the one big beautiful bill are located
in rural mostly Republican areas. A lot
of the increases in affordable care act
premiums that Democrats are fighting to
prevent are concentrated in more rural
Republican areas. If the Republicans are
so insistent on sticking it to their own
voters on this issue, why don't the
Democrats just let them?
I mean, I think Alexander touched on
this before and that is we are, you
know, one of the things and and this
really annoys me about Trump. He's
dividing this country. Why would I not,
you know, when we hit the road, we were
in Idaho, right?
>> It's the most conservative state in
America. I think we had many thousands
of people coming out. We are Americans.
>> What you think I would feel okay if
somebody in a Republican state died
because they couldn't get healthcare?
I would hope not. I hope nobody feels
that way.
>> And I I think it also speaks to a big
difference between
someone like Trump and someone like me
or someone like Bernie, which is that
Trump believes that if you don't vote
for him, he doesn't have to be your
leader. That if you didn't vote for him,
that you don't deserve good things to
happen to you.
I don't care if someone voted for me or
not. I don't care if someone is a
Republican or an independent or a
Democrat. I don't care if someone likes
me or not. That will never change the
fact that I'm going to fight for them to
have healthcare.
I want MAGA to have health care. I want
MAGA to be paid a living wage. But he
doesn't want people who are Democrats or
he doesn't want people based on their
political affiliation
to benefit and that is the difference
between a strong man and an
authoritarian and and a leader of a
democracy. Can I just ask you quickly
though? The president typically the
military wouldn't get paid during a
government shutdown and a program that
helps low-income women, moms and babies.
Uh the president has ensured that those
two get funded during this government
shutdown. Do you support that?
>> Of course. Of course. Yeah, absolutely.
And House Democrats also introduced
legislation to make sure that there are
um paid as well.
>> Representative Okassio Cortez, Senator
Sanders, a few more questions for you.
Stick with us. We're going to be right
back after a quick break.
And we are back with Senator Bernie
Sanders and Representative Alexandra
Okasio Cortez. We have a final question
from our audience tonight.
Representative, uh, I'll start with you.
We've got Christopher Lindseay here
who's a Republican from Pingry Grove,
Illinois, who works for United Airlines.
Go ahead with your question.
>> Good evening, Senator Sanders,
Congresswoman Okasio Cortez. It's a
privilege and an honor to be speaking to
you two tonight in beautiful Washington,
DC. My question to the both of you is,
what can Congress do to stop pointing a
finger at each at each other, work
together, and listen to the words of
Abraham Lincoln, "A house divided cannot
stand."
Well, I mean, I I I can't thank you
enough for invoking that quote in this
moment because I think when we zoom out
and look at the degree of political
polarization that we're all
experiencing, I don't think any one of
us likes it. I don't think any one of us
enjoys that we're at a point where
friends feel like their relationships
are in tension, that family feels like
they're in relationship intention, that
it feels like you can't say some of the
most basic things without it turning
into a fight. It's not good for our
country. And I think we have to lead by
example. I think it's important for us
to lead with what we think can work and
the areas that we are able to find
common ground and to uplift that common
ground. I gave some examples earlier
today. Bernie has also a tremendous
bipartisan record, believe it or not, um
in the House and in the Senate. But
that's often not what we hear about.
Congress passes bills actually every
day, believe it or not, that are
bipartisan in nature. Um, and we never
hear about the actual common ground that
we have and the successes that we have
in that. And I actually do believe that
if we charge forward with that a little
bit more ear, you know, last year I
spent a lot of work uh doing uh
preventing sexually exploited material
generated by AI and protecting women and
children and and I I was happy to have
enjoyed bipartisan support on that. Um,
but we often hear first about the things
that divide us and we rarely hear uh
about the things that have actually
united us. And so I do believe we should
be leading by example and when we have
these moments of stark contrast that we
also are clear about the principles upon
which our disagreements happen. If I
disagree with you, if I as a Democrat
disagree with you as a Republican, I'm
not going to question your motive. I'm
not going to question your allegiance to
this country. I'm not going to question
your intent and your care. And I believe
that when we devolve into that, that is
when we are actually stoking division in
in our country, when we call those who
disagree with us unAmerican, that is
what is unamerican. And I I could not um
advocate more for the fact of sticking
to the facts about things, respecting
and honoring the intentions and motives
of our fellow Americans. Uh and also
trying to elevate and find the areas
that we do have common ground and
agreement.
>> I I think Alexander said it very well. I
mean, I would just add as an example,
uh, this Saturday, millions of people
are going to come out on a no kings day.
Maybe more people coming out than any
time in American history. Speaker
Johnson said this is a hate America
rally because people are coming out
expressing their concerns about massive
cuts to healthcare and the movement
toward authoritarianism. Not a hate
America, it's a love America. But the
point is instead of attacking each other
in that way in my view, what we got to
do is lay the issues out on the table,
we got a health care crisis, do we not
friends?
>> All right. We're the only country not to
guarantee healthcare at all. How do we
move to a health care system that
guarantees healthcare to a human right?
Make sense to you? All right.
70 80 years ago in this country, if you
went to a public college or university,
you know what your tuition was? zero.
And yet you got all of this increased
worker productivity, all of the
technology. People can't afford their
afford to send their kids to college.
They can't afford child care.
People are paying outrageous cost in
housing. How do we build the millions of
units of affordable low-income housing
that we desperately need? How do we save
the planet for our kids and transform
our energy system away from fossil fuel?
Do you know that millions of senior
citizens in this country are trying to
get by on $15,000 a year or less? They
helped build this country. They fought
for our country. They're in nursing
homes, which are horrible places right
now because they're underfunded,
understaffed. We are the richest country
in the history of the world. How do we
provide a good quality life for our
kids? Should we have the highest rate of
childhood poverty of almost any major
nation? Highest rate of senior poverty.
Those are the issues. You disagree with
me? Fine. You got a better idea than
mine? Great. Let's go forward. Let's
discuss those issues. Let's not attack
each other personally, that we're
unamerican, that we hate America. That's
nonsense. That just divides us. Let's
come together. Let's discuss the real
issues. Let us create the kind of
extraordinary country that we know we
can create.
>> On that note, Senator Sanders,
Representative Alexandria Okasiocortez,
thank you both for being here tonight.
Thank you to our audience and for your
excellent questions. We really
appreciate them tonight. Thank you all
for joining in. News Nightight with Abby
Phillip starts now.