sad to see that she fell in love with
his mind and the way they were able to
banter because she's probably seen a lot
of attractive men um at this stage in
her life. But so why him? Even though
she knows that he's maybe not the best
idea cuz he's not a relationship guy,
what was it about him? And you had to
see that that connection was a little
bit of friendship, a little duality and
lust and also it was it was
intelligence. We really are rooting for
each other and like it was my goal to to
make his movie as successful as I
possibly could in in whatever way I
could.
[Music]
Hi besties, welcome back to my channel.
I have been so stuck in the middle of
this court case that I haven't had a
time to even think about the like gossip
that's been happening around Blake
Lively, Ryan Reynolds, Taylor Swift, all
these people. But something that
continues to keep coming up in my
comments and all over my Instagram is
about Blake and Ryan and if their
relationship is on the brink of collapse
and if they're going to get a divorce
and if this is putting too much pressure
on Blake and Ryan. And you know, I I
don't have any inside sources to tell
you that my gut is telling me this is
true or not. I don't have, you know,
Leslie Sloan on speed dial to lie to me
about what's going on in their marriage.
I'm not intimately familiar with what's
going on today in their marriage. But
recently, Ryan has been on the red
carpet or this documentary that he was
the producer on about John Candy. He's
been making comments in that have been
really offthe-wall when he was joking
about his son and saying that if he
would have had a son in the beginning,
he would have punched down his manhood
and made himself have no ability to make
more kids because he wouldn't be able to
handle having four boys. And then he
reminded everyone that he was from four
boys. His mom had four boys. and he
relayed a conversation about working on
this John Candy documentary and how hard
it was to get in touch with Bill Murray
and that Bill Murray had been ghosting
him and that he was at an event in a
tuxedo just ready to get going and Bill
Murray finally called him and Blake told
him that they needed to get going and
then he basically says that he tells
Blake, "F you. I'm going to take a phone
call." All of this is for some reason
making people speculate that there's
trouble in paradise. Then there's also
that Blake and Ryan aren't seen publicly
together. She hasn't been on the red
carpets with him. He hasn't been on the
red carpets with her. But and then
there's like these fueled speculative
pieces coming out from various, you
know, podcasters and people that have
substacks and stuff saying that they're
fighting all the time and their
relationship is at a breaking point.
Okay. So, I don't know what is actually
going on and I don't spend a lot of time
doing the decoding of what happens to
them with their Easter eggs, but I have
a very hard time believing that there's
anything really significantly wrong in
their marriage right now. Because I
think for them to have to believe that
this stress of this case is somehow
impacting them, they would have to
believe that they were wrong, right?
They would have to believe they were
wrong. And if Blake and Ryan think
they're right, even though they're
wrong, what would they have to fight
about? I don't think that they are
having marital problems, I think Ryan is
strategically not talking about her cuz
he doesn't want to ruin his own brand. I
think that he's avoiding discussing her
and if he does, he doesn't do it fondly
because he doesn't want to ruin his own
brand. I think Blake is not going on the
red carpet with him because they don't
want it to be a distraction. I think
they are just managing the PR in the
best way that they can. But the reason
why I don't think it's putting as much
stress on them as it seems is because
I'm remembering a conversation that I
had with Richard Fedc who went through a
legal process with Blake and Ryan for
several years. And let me just say this,
the behavior that we're now seeing from
Ryan where he is making very crass
conversations or comments about his
wife, openly admitting to cursing out
his wife, not necessarily reading the
room and trying to, you know, not even
acknowledging like your wife is
apparently suing a man, right, for
sexual harassment in a hostile working
environment. And then you're relaying a
story where you're telling your wife to
f off. Mind you, it's spouses get into
fights all the time and fus can get
thrown around. So, I'm I'm not going to
sit here and say that a comment like
that isn't impractical, right? It
happens. But, I think Ryan doesn't read
the room. I think he's never read the
room. I think he's always gotten by with
that brand of comedy where he thinks he
can degrade people and disparage people
under the guise that it's funny. And I
just don't think he's really adjusting
to how the optics of the scrutiny are on
top of him. That what he used to do just
isn't landing anymore. Right. So, I
don't think that Ryan's changed, though.
And I don't think the dynamics in their
marriage have changed. I think it's just
being exposed. Does that make sense?
Richard Fedc was a photographer that
Ryan falsely accused of hitting hitting
him with a car and stalking him. And he
was charged in this cal in Vancouver
with some crimes that ultimately became
dismissed. Um, years later and the case
was closed, Ryan and Blake fabricated
fantastical stories about Mr. for FedC
and tried to basically get him put into
prison because FedC took a photograph of
Ryan Reynolds in his makeup for
Deadpool, a spoiler for the series
before it came out. And Ryan went out of
his way to try to ruin FedC over
something like that. And over the years
that FedC was covering Ryan and Blake,
he noticed a pattern of behavior in
their marriage and in their relationship
that he described as Ryan being very
controlling, demeaning, doineering, and
not treating Blake like an equal, but as
you know, his property. Not being
respectful about Blake, being very
possessive, being very controlling,
controlling things down to her career.
uh you know having this rule that they
would never do anything apart. They
always had to be together because if
they were apart that was going to break
them up. Ryan's propensity to show up on
set. His rage with any time Blake was in
a film and had a love interest. The
disruption that created on film sets.
None of this is different, right? It's
just now it's amplified. He described
Blake as naive and very young when she
met Ryan because she was only 22 and
Ryan was I think he's 12 years older.
So, he was 34 or 35. And that Blake is
like a puppy dog that looks to Ryan as
the answer, the most magnetic uh you
know, brilliant person in the world that
she's tried to model her entire career
around. She tries to act like Ryan
because she thinks that if she can be
like Ryan, she can be as successful as
Ryan. She has learned her and really
amplified her manipulative skills around
Ryan. They But the problem here is that
they kind of scheme together and they
coordinate these schemes together and
both of them will lie for the other. In
the case with Fedc, Blake wrote this
long letter to the to the court and to
the police, spinning Fantastical's tales
to them about what she said FedC did to
her, which were not true, not grounded
in fact, nor grounded in evidence. And
it wasn't until they had to go to court
and actually had to present the evidence
and they actually had to go to trial,
that suddenly the crown dismisses the
case and Blake and Ryan just like walk
away and no one says anything. And that
case in and of itself could have put
enough pressure on the two of them, but
it didn't. They stuck together and they
stuck to the lies together. But what Fed
witnessed when he was covering them as a
photographer, which he did for years,
was that Ryan treated Blake like crap,
but that also Blake was equally kind of
manipulative and she had a propensity to
get emotionally and uh connected. she
would fall in love with her cast, her
opposite, her love opposite, which drew
fueled Ryan's impulsive rage. But I
think it's fair to say here that the
cost of this litigation and the amount
of money she is spending, the number of
subpoenas that are going out, the
annihilation that they are attempting to
do to Justin and to Wayfair, a competing
studio, to Mr. Um, Reynolds, I think
this still is being very much fueled by
Ryan and it's being paid for by Ryan.
the person I spoke to from the financial
world that was around the people that
were doing the IPO for uh Mountain, the
marketing company that Ryan was involved
in, was speaking about how the
overwhelming sentiment of people that
were involved in that IPO and because
Ryan's marketing missteps were a fueled
and could negatively impact Mountain's
IPO and because Ryan was getting sued at
the time that the IPO went public. Ryan
was willing to spend, you know, 10
million or whatever it was on a lawsuit
to protect his brand as the master
marketer, right? So, they felt a lot of
what was happening with this lawsuit
wasn't really about Blake. It wasn't
really about sexual harassment. It was
all about a means for Ryan to not have
to take the backlash that the marketing
of the way that they chose to market it
ends with us was the failure. It was a
smear campaign that caused all this
negative reaction. It wasn't organic.
people weren't negatively reacting to
the cross promotion of Deadpool and
Wolverine with this film or Blake
promoting alcohol or Blake not speaking
about domestic violence or the weird
random jokes uh where they did a thing
with a bit with Brandon Slenar and Ryan
came off like a jealous husband which
really played into the tropes of
domestic violence that was permeating in
this film. that jealousy and the rage
that Riyle felt that drove so much of
what he did to Lily in the film. So that
was the reaction of the audience. And I
think for Ryan, it's easier for him to
blame a phantom smear campaign than it
is to take responsibility. And I think
with someone like Ryan is that and Blake
is I don't see this going to trial. I
really don't. And the reason why I don't
see it going to trial is because I don't
think they're going to have the evidence
to prove their claims. I think they're
just trying to delay and prolong this as
long as possible and do as much damage
as possible that as they can to to
Baldon and to Wayfair through their
various methods of their smear campaign
and then and the ninth or 10th hour I
feel like they're going to pull out and
I think they're going to like Richard
Fed said something to me that I will
never in my mind you know it will never
leave me. He he said a leopard doesn't
change his spot. That Ryan is a creature
of habit. That Ryan is the kind of
person that uses the same strategies,
techniques. He's aggressive. He's
impulsive. He's Richard Fed called Ryan
a psychopath. And he said that Ryan just
it's to whatever means necessary to get
whatever he wants without thinking about
the consequences. and that once he's
gotten to the point where he won't be
able to get what he needs or what he
wants, he'll quietly retreat and it'll
be like over and it will be done. And so
he doesn't think this will go to trial
either. He thinks it's all just about a
maximum amount of damage as they can do
to inflict upon Baldon and Wayfair to
deflect from their responsibility and
their role in all of this. So to circle
back about whether or not there is
relationship problems in this marriage,
I think there are. I think there are
significant marriage problems. I think
Blake has been in a very controlling
relationship with her husband. I think
that Blake is while she has her own
money, she's very heavily dependent on
Ryan to live the life that she wants. uh
she likes the amount of money that he
makes and has and she can't have that
lifestyle without him. She could get I
don't know what if they did a prenup or
whatever, but she could certainly get
spousal and child support if they were
to leave. But they have young kids
still. And one thing that FedEx said
about Ryan is that it would be really
hard for Ryan to pull the plug on the
marriage because he's very like dedic he
wants to be with his kids. And so as
much as a tool he is and how awful he
talks about his kids publicly, he really
loves his family. And so it would be
very hard for him to pull the plug on
the marriage. Even if Blake was a
liability, it would be better for Ryan
if he could just destroy Blake's career
altogether so that he was just the star
and Blake was just his doing wife, which
is what he wants. So I would see them
doing this for two reasons. cause as
much damage as possible to Beldon and
Wayfair, but also make it almost
irreparably impossible for Blake to have
a career so that he gets the what he
wants out of this. You know how they
always say that there is um this thing
about domestic violence abusers, they
will sabotage their partners' lives and
careers. I have always thought from the
very beginning a lot of this was Ryan
trying to sabotage his wife having a
career because he's never really wanted
her to have a career. His mom didn't
want him to marry an actress. His mom
wanted him to marry a woman that would
stay home and be, you know, submissive
to Ryan. And I think if Ryan can
sabotage Blake's success, this lawsuit
does both. It ruins Justin. It ruins
Wayfair. And it also makes his wife a
pariah in Hollywood. I think if if Blake
wasn't a narcissist herself, she would
have the ability to see that she's in an
unhealthy marriage. But I don't think
she sees it because I think she only
sees what she wants to see. And I also
think she's highly manipulative herself.
I think again they would have to have
the capacity to truly think that they
were wrong. And I don't think that they
do. I think whatever means necessary is
whatever means necessary. And I think
more than anything is if they were to
divorce, I think it would be Blake that
would file from him. Um I don't think it
would be Ryan that would file from her.
And if Ryan and Blake did split, it
wouldn't be because of this lawsuit. I
think it would because be because Blake
got tired of dealing with Ryan's verbal
diarrhea and being verbally abusive and
controlling than it would be that Ryan
is tired of Blake being a liability. I
think Ryan wants Blake to be a liability
so that he doesn't have to have a
competition in his marriage. He couldn't
handle that Scarlet was successful and
he certainly doesn't want Blake to be
successful. That's how it seems to me.
So, do they are they on the verge of a
split? Are they fighting? I'm sure
they're fighting. I'm sure they're
fighting a lot, but I don't think that's
changed. I don't think that's changed at
all. I just think that's their marriage
is now exposed. Does that make sense?
Let me know what your thoughts are in
the comments below. Make sure to give
this video a thumbs up. Make sure to
subscribe to my channel if you haven't
subscribed and click the bell so you
never miss a video. Thanks so much for
watching. Bye, bestie.