So guys, have a look at that right elbow
position there. This affects over 98% of
amateur golfers. Look, there really is a
secret for so many players out there.
This is what separates the solid ball
strikers from the poor ball strikers.
This is your key to stop flipping at
impact, to create that compression and
shaft lean and some effortless speed and
power. Guys, look, if every single top
player is in this position and you're
not, then you're never truly going to
reach your hitting potential. So guys,
coming up, we got some of the best
feels, the best drills, and the best
information to improve your ball
striking immediately. We've got the
shift and connect drill, which you're
going to love. And we're also going to
have a listen to what Patrick Harrington
has to say.
>> So guys, have a look at this. When we
take the club away, we want to have this
right arm away from the side. Right? You
see that? Get that right arm to move
away from the side. When we change
directions, we want to close up this
gap. I'm going to go wide to narrow.
Now, I can't get through. Now, we lose
time in the swing. What does that
actually mean? This is affecting 98% of
golfers. Guys, stay on. I got to show
you something cuz this is going to blow
you away. Right? You see golfers losing
time. So when they take the club away,
if there was a clock over that 1:00 your
side, 11:00 m. Now when we change
directions and we shift and we get this
right arm to reconnect and load, we lose
time. So it goes from 1:00 here and as
we load it, it comes down to about
12:15. You see that move? That's an
essential part to notice this move and
how we reconnect. So if you're towing it
up, this happens with so many amters. If
you get the toe up, once you lose time,
have a look at that. Now the club face
is open. You're going to present the
heel to it and unconsciously you're not
going to do that. And this is the
killer, right? You flip unconsciously to
square it. Yeah, you flip to square. And
that's when you start to stand up. Let's
have a look at this move because you
probably never seen it. And this is
affecting 98% of amateur golfers. When
the amateurs come down, there's just too
much room in here, right? There's too
much. There's the gap is too big. And
when the gap's big, we lose angles. We
hit fat shots and thin shots. When I
pull this in, when I reconnect to my
power source, I store up this angle,
these energies, and my angle of attack's
great. I'm hitting from here shots with
more compression, sharp lean, speed.
Storing up your angle. You're hitting it
out of the middle of the club face.
After this video, you're going to hit
the ball so much better. Let's get stuck
into some of the best drills and
information and feels you've ever seen.
Evidencebased
instruction. So guys, love this drill.
Love this change over and painting the
wall here. Let's have a look at this
feel, this flow. This is gold. Love
this. Let's have a look at this first
off to create this sensation. Got the
oversized club here. Take your address
position. Hold the club up over the
ball. Now, keep it really soft in your
hands. Swing back. Keep it wide. Change
over. Watch those hands.
All right. Watch what I'm doing as I
change it. It's almost like, as I said,
flicking that towel as I bring this club
in. Now, when you get to impact, I want
more shaft lean deliberately than where
you started at.
Little bit of an exaggeration. Keep the
face square.
Keep it down. Building up. And you'll
see that change over. Now, when you do
it, don't forget to keep the keep the
face down. Even when you change
directions and pull this in, keep that
logo down. All right, let's have a look
how we can do it. Tea up a couple of
golf balls. And you're not they're not
really full swings. All right, grip it
really loose so you can feel that that
change over. Hold the club over the
ball. Move back in to impact. You'll
probably see this. I'll just sort of
It's like the end of a whip, right? as I
sort of flick this one off. Let's have a
look.
Right. Really just a three quarter style
swing, but there was a lot of speed. I
hit that a long, long way. And it felt
really effortless. So guys, if you're
interested in golf schools in the US,
golf schools in Europe, discounts to
products and free videos. There's
information at the end of this video.
And again, loose concentrate. Okay,
we're going to go wide, wide to narrow,
more shaftling than where you started
at. And stop at impact. Make sure the
face is straight. Close up the gap. It's
like that movement when the wrists. See
what my hands are hands are doing. As I
bring this in, logo pointed down. Take
your address position. Keep it nice and
loose. You'll just exaggerate this one.
You'll probably see the change over a
little bit.
Oh, I hit that one really good. It's a
free flowing and powerful motion. I
really, really want you guys to
understand this move. So many amters,
over 98% of amters in this direction.
Close up that gap, get those angles, get
that speed, you're going to get so much
compression and effortless power in your
golf swing. So guys, let's have a quick
listen to ex number one and threetime
major winner Paul Harrington and what he
has to say about the down swing. Now,
that stretch on this hand is what's
going to make the club shallow. That's
all we need. That much. We need a little
shallow. That much. Okay. We don't want
it to cup this way down. So, if you grip
something, again, if it's a pretty heavy
weight that can move. So, I'm going to a
band would probably do this better, but
I'm going to use a towel. Now, you can
see I'm in the top of my back swing. As
I pull, you can see the way my left
wrist will twist a little bit there. So,
they get left behind. They don't get
left behind doing nothing. It's more of
that motion. More of a pull. So you can
practice getting the feel of the
stretch. This is stretching. This is
stretching.
Right across here is stretching across
here. My right side is pulling down. And
you can see the little bit of rotation
will happen in that wrist as I pull
hard. So guys, what a great viewing
angle this is to get a guide to get a
gauge of what's really happening in your
down swing. World class golf
instruction. We invented, we created the
lag wall a couple years ago to give
golfers a better understanding to get an
exact guide of where they need to be.
It's a line drawn out about 6 in on the
outside of that trail foot. Watch the
amter from the top. Watch the hands
slightly lift. Don't we see this so
much? A lifting motion. Now look at the
professional here. If I draw a line
across his fingers, watch the first
move. Pull straight down. Now, we're
going to be getting a shift across here.
Four to six inches. That's the average
of the PJ tool player. If we could shift
and connect. And I really want you guys
to have a look at the shift and connect
drill towards the end of this video. You
have to see it. It's just so good. We're
getting a shift across and we're
connecting. Now, we're on the correct
side of the lag ball. You see that? And
guys, if you're not on the correct side
of the lag ball, look at the big gap in
here. You're going to lose all your
angles. Look at the angle stored up
there when you reconnect. There's your
angle of attack, there's your sharp
lane, there's your compression, and
there is your consistency of strike. And
as I said, if every single player is in
this position and you're not, you really
want to get yourself into this position.
This software that I'm using is awesome,
isn't it? This is what I use for my
online lessons. Send some swings
through. You get a link off me with this
software. Except your swing on the
screen, go for around 20 minutes. I can
be a coach. I've got drills, exercises,
my voice over, get you moving in the
right direction. Go to
worldclassgolf.com for that, guys. It's
in conjunction with 1,400 videos, not on
YouTube. Right, let's get further on
into the video. So, guys, have a look at
this. Becoming familiar with this move.
I'm going to show you a couple of ways
to practice and how to feel this wide to
narrow move. Teared up a couple of golf
balls here. Love this one. Now they say
that when we make a movement and another
movement within a few seconds, it's
estimated that we have sometimes up to a
60 70% feeling left over from that last
movement. So you can simply do practice
swings going wide to narrow and swinging
through and feeling that reconnection,
that connecting to your power source get
in there and hit a golf ball. That'll
work for you as well, right? But this is
a really, really good drill. I like to
do this. You can do also when you get
into the position where you're going
wide and you're closing this static
positional style of training where
you're leading into that left leg.
You're you're shifting but you're
closing up the gap there. The arm's not
out here, right? The arm's going to be
it's going to get past your hip, but
you're not going to be out here. These
arms, these hands are pretty close to
your leg. Understanding that when you
see this move, it's not stuck behind
you, right? Because they're all doing
it. It's a great feeling. This is a good
drill. Let's have a look at this. Right.
You get up to the top. Take like an
eight or a nine iron. Get up to the top.
Shift. Connect. Feel that move. Pump the
arms a couple of times. And because it's
on a T, you move through and see if you
can hit it clean. And I got that one
clean, which was lucky. All right, let's
have a look again. And it's a great way
to get a feel here up to the up to the
top. Shift. Connect. So you guys are
going to get some pulling. You're going
to pull down a little bit here, guys.
You can even get your left arm to soften
a little bit as we see Victor Hovlin,
Jake Knap, and getting this arm to
soften a little bit. You'll be able to
get in there with more angle here. It's
a great place to be in your swing up to
the top. Stop. We're seeing just to add
on to that, we're seeing amateurs turn
and leave the arms up with no pulling
effect. And the arms are coming in. and
they got a very high forearm rather than
the arm, that forearm pointing just over
that golf ball. So to do that, you're
going to have to get some sort of
pulling motion, pulling the grip off,
getting this to reconnect. And that's
why this drill supplies that feel. Take
your address position, keep it nice and
soft up to the top, shift, connect, look
down at the ball,
feel that, and move through the golf
ball. Now you can from here, you can see
that my grip's pointed slightly up. You
can from here swing back, swing through,
swing back, and swing through and feel
what you just felt. Drills will supply
you with a feel. They don't change
everything in your swing, guys. You have
to do the movement, do the practice
swing or do some static positional
training, then hit a ball. You start to
feel, you start to change. Rewiring,
reffiring, working with evidence-based
instruction. There's a great series on
worldclassgolf.com
called the deep to shadow and the move
of millions helping so many people play
better golf. Guys, have a look at this.
See the knuckles up? See that position
there? Now, what you want is that to be
pointing just slightly downwards, right?
That logo. So, I'm going to I've got a
great drill here as we're going to we're
going to change directions here.
On the way back, we're going to build up
these angles. And you can see what my
hands and wrists are doing. It's like
flicking that towel on the way down. But
when you do this, we're going to
exaggerate the movement. Keep it really
loose cuz I want you to feel the
changeover. I want you to feel this
move. Keep it nice and loose. I'm going
to exaggerate taking it back wide,
narrow, wide, narrow. See that? Wide.
All right. Now, when you bring it back
to impact, you're going to have a little
bit more shaft lean than where you
started at. All right. So, this way,
you're going to store up your angles.
But when you do this, I want you to keep
your knuckles slightly down. That's a
slight exaggeration. It's around 12:30.
I'm just going to really make sure I've
got this pointed slightly down as I'm
changing directions. I don't want you to
do this. You can give it that little bit
of a reverse motorbike feel if you want
to do that, but I really like to keep
that face down and then build up those
angles with that logo. You won't see the
logo. It's just slightly down as you're
reconnecting. And then after that,
you're going to let this club head swing
past your body. Voted best swing
analysis and best online instruction by
several independent surveys. World-class
golf instruction is transforming
thousands of golfers at every skill
level. Do not miss out. This video
platform has over 1,400 videos and 85
separate masterclass series. The most
structured and detailed video platform
ever created. Improving golfers on
average between 4 and 11 shots. Join the
chat room and join the community of
worldclass golf instruction. This is
golf instruction that you've never seen
before. The proven PGA corridors factual
evidence-based material. Unleash your
true potential with the cuttingedge
swing analysis technology. Experience
the thrill of progress with the
state-of-the-art practice programs and
specialized golf fitness plans. Best
information available.
So guys, we just sold out all our golf
schools and due to popular demand, we're
coming back in March 2026. I'll be
heading to Florida to work with the
renowned biomechanics coach Dr. Robert
Neil who works with Jason Day, Ryder Cup
star Matt Smith, and so many other PGA
players. Guys, how much time have you
got left? Cuz we're improving everybody,
working with evidence-based instruction,
really finding out the facts about your
swing. And then I'll be working with
YouTube star Eric Kagorno. What a coach
this guy is. just had a tremendous and
amazing experience working with Eric.
Completely sold out. Guys, if you're
interested in great golf skills, great
information, get yourself started at the
start of the season, reach out to me at
craworldclassgolf.com.
craigclassgolf.com.