Folks, you better get ready. In today's
video, we're going to break down the
latest on the market and plays, and then
we're going to go on to one specific $13
stock that has major upside, is in a
sector getting huge government backing,
and whom is largely going under the
radar. We'll present the facts, the
data, the strategy, as well as the
risks, and let you be the judge. And in
return for all the work that goes into
making a video like this, the only thing
I ask is that you hit that like button,
and also don't forget to subscribe. When
you do those things, YouTube goes and
pushes this video out to more folks,
which helps us out tremendously. And as
always, if you're the one taking the
ultimate risk, you got to be the one
doing the ultimate frisk. Always do your
own due diligence on all ideas
presented. Okay, so we got to start with
UNH, United Healthcare. So, this is one
of the best buy and hold and forget
about positions in the market right now.
And UNH's recovery trend has been one
that we've been preaching for a while.
If you go back to August 13th, we did
this deep dive on why UNH was set for a
massive recovery. and it then proceeded
to run from the 260s to 360s at this
month's highs. But the thing is, folks,
that most of the upside is not even
realized yet. This is what I sent out to
the Discord. UNH's recovery trajectory
shows substantial opportunity in the
bullcase for the patient. Now, the
recovery is not going to be straight up.
It never is, but the bullcase for UNH is
pushing us well above 450 bucks in 2026.
and likely the long-term bull case
beyond 2026 is pushing us well above
all-time highs deep into the 600s. So,
what is the fundamental case for UNH to
recover so fast and to go so high? Keep
in mind, this company is number one in
US health insurance. United Health is
the largest private insurer in the
country, covering 53 million people.
That scale gives it unmatched bargaining
power with hospitals and drug makers.
It's also a Medicare Advantage leader.
UNH is the biggest player in Medicare
Advantage with more than 7.7 million
members. As baby boomers age into
Medicare, this position is a huge huge
growth driver. Now, beyond seniors,
United Health has deep deep penetration
in both employer insurance and Medicaid
managed care, giving it exposure across
all age and income groups. Now, their
Optimum division widens their moat quite
a lot. Optimum serves 100 million plus
customers through pharmacy care and data
services, making UNH not just an
insurer, but also a healthcare services
giant, which a lot of people don't
realize. And most importantly, this
company is really, really hard to
disrupt. I mean, with its size and brand
recognition, while UNH is usually the
default choice for large employers and
government contracts, making it
difficult for smaller arrivals to take a
meaningful share. Their guidance is back
on track. United Health hit pause on
guidance earlier this year, but they've
now brought back their 2025 forecast
that tells investors the business is
stabilizing and looking ahead to growth
in 2026. Stocks sold off after medical
costs spiked, but United Health has
repriced its plans and reset
expectations, and they've set up for a
comeback as earnings growth returns in
2026. And so right now, that's why
you're seeing such a beautiful rebound.
And I think you're going to see a lot
more into 2026 and 2027. And we've been
right so far on this stock. Okay. TEM,
we've been presented on this all year,
all the way back to the beginning of the
year actually when it came out that
Nancy Pelosi, the famous trader, took a
position in it through options
nonetheless. And as of this morning, it
to hit 97.79 at highs. Absolutely
beautiful. Back in June, we were
targeting this potential run. And we
alerted 75 strike calls. And this is
what we said about them. Tempest AI is
rapidly emerging as a key player in
AIdriven healthcare. Leveraging its
extensive data sets and advanced
analytics platforms to personalize
cancer treatment and precision medicine.
With increasing adoption across leading
hospitals, pharmaceutical giants, and
research institutions, Tempest is
positioned to capitalize on the rise in
demand for datadriven healthcare
solutions. Recent growth has been
impressive, marked by partnerships with
Mayo Clinic, Stanford, and Fizer
underpinning solid revenue visibility
and growth prospects. So here you had a
little company that was partnering with
all these big dogs and showing huge
proof of concept in all these
partnerships and in their reports. We
also highlighted a ton of other
powerful, very powerful growth drivers
for the stock, including accelerating
adoption of precision medicine and
AIdriven treatment planning, significant
partnerships with top tier hospitals and
bioharma companies, strong pipelines of
new clinical products and analytical
tools set for launch, growing regulatory
support, analyst optimism where analysts
are actually targeting $90 to $100 for
this stock. And so anyways, net and in
effect this stock blew absolutely blew
through our projections probably Nancy
Pelos's projections and analyst
projections within a very short time
frame relatively speaking. So massive
congratulations to everybody who saw
upside here. Okay, next data center
plays. So as you know I've been harping
hard on data center plays because
there's a mountain of cash going into
data centers from all the big tech
players looking for computing power.
It's a race to get as much computing
power as possible. And quite frankly,
the big tech players would love,
absolutely love to just use their own
data centers, but there's such a
shortage of appropriate chips. And it
takes time to build out these data
center capacities. And so, in order to
stay competitive, they're not just
utilizing and building out their own
centers. They're actually going and mega
leasing available centers. And so, a lot
of small data center players largely
from the crypto mining space are now
pivoting very, very aggressively to
servicing this demand. And the ones that
are doing that effectively are seeing
huge, huge, huge, huge, huge contracts
and leases and are basically becoming AI
landlords. Any solid data company with
Nvidia GPUs behind them is probably
going to get a big contract and that's
been the whole thesis behind our data
center callouts. They say a rising tide
lifts all boats and so these data center
players are seeing huge, huge upside
being realized. Now for context on a
specific one, we were screaming APLD was
a buy back in April at $453 because we
saw this trend heating up. We saw her
contracts heating up and that same stock
this morning hit almost $21. But that's
not the only one. I mean, there's also
IN which we've broken down on the
channel and she's doing great, too. Wolf
is doing great and NBIS, which we've
covered in the Discord. I don't think we
talked about her on the channel, but we
covered her in the Discord. She's doing
very well, too. Now, data center stocks
have a ton more upside, but you have to
be very, very careful because they are
in a massive euphoria cycle right now,
and they're going to be checked soon.
They're going to breathe. It's going to
be dirty and a lot of people are going
to be freaked out. But that's also going
to be a huge opportunity. This is what I
said about NBIS, but you could also say
the same about the other AI data center
place too. Quote, NBIS looking
overheated and set to push back to lower
channel trend line. NBIS is an
increasingly hot AI infrastructure play
that builds and operates hyperscale data
centers providing GPO powered cloud and
compute services to enterprises and
hyperscalers. Overall trend of business
is hot. That said, chart needs push back
and should be on radar for such. So, in
other words, yeah, these companies are
doing great, but you can't just be
paying any price for them, and you
certainly can't be chasing them. Again,
a rising tide does lift all boats, but
it's not like these companies have
unlimited data center capacity. So, you
might end up seeing a lot of these
leases and these lease catalysts start
slowing down, and so the prices are
going to normalize a bit. They're still
going to see outsized growth, in my
opinion, over the coming years, but they
should start normalizing a little bit
more. You're not going to see these 100%
plus week over weeks anymore. As these
data center plays come to maturity,
well, you have to set your expectations
accordingly. Bigger picture, risk
management is key. Not thinking the
stocks are going to go straight up,
buying at good levels, and having
realistic expectations is key. Okay,
main entree. So, there's a really,
really hot energy trade emerging, and
that's nuclear. And there's four big
reasons for this. So, why is nuclear so
hot? Well, for starters, it easily
supports energy hungry artificial
intelligence data centers. Everybody's
always complaining that AI uses so much
energy. Well, nuclear is the solution to
that. It's a reliable 24/7 power. It's a
zero emission energy source, and new
innovations and cost improvements are
making it undeniably attractive. So, as
a result, you're seeing governments
around the world pumping billions and
billions of dollars to increase nuclear
energy capacity with the White House
recently taking executive action to
invigorate the domestic nuclear supply
chain. Quote, "US sets targets to triple
nuclear capacity by 2050." That was
actually when Biden was still in office.
Trump has been a lot more aggressive. He
just recently signed an executive order
to amp up everything a lot more and sped
up nuclear reactor licensing and
basically destroyed many of the other
regulations slowing down nuclear energy
expansion. And so all of this is why the
nuclear asset class is exploding right
now. No pun intended. Now the context
here is that as you know the federal
government is taking more and more of a
aggressive role in investing in private
sector companies, partnering with
private sector companies, putting
massive tailwinds behind private sector
companies. And we've been doing our best
to call those out for you ahead of time,
like with MP Materials and Intel, for
example. And I believe we have a new
idea along those lines today as well,
specifically in the nuclear space. If
you dig into this press release on the
Department of Energy's website, it says
this, quote, DOE announced the reactor
pilot program in June of 2025 following
President Trump's executive order blah
blah blah, which reforms reactor testing
at the department. The goal of the
reactor pilot program is to expedite the
testing of advanced reactor designs that
will be authorized by the department at
sites that are located outside of the
national laboratories. Seeking DOE
authorization provided under the atomic
energy act will help today's selected
companies and it names off all these
selected companies to unlock private
funding and provide a fasttracked
approach to future commercial licensing
activities. Now here are the companies
listed out for you. These are the
companies that the DOE selected for the
nuclear pilot program, which means
there's massive, massive tailwinds
behind all of these companies. Now, two
of these companies are publicly traded
and or are going to be publicly traded
soon. And those two are Aqua Inc. and
Terrestrial Energy Inc. Aqua has already
skyrocketed massively and is in a huge
huge rally right now. But you see,
Terrestrial Energy is a little bit
different of a story. It's actually not
public yet, but it's going to go public
soon through merger with a spa called H
N D, which means you can actually buy
that spa now before the combination. And
once the combination happens, you'll own
shares of Terrestrial Energy Inc. Now,
if you're unfamiliar with spa, spaxs are
essentially just a different way to go
public. A spa is basically a blank check
public company that goes and buys a
private company and essentially merges
them together. And because we're still
pre merger, well, that means that the
stock HD is not really getting the love
that it deserves. The entity that it's
going to merge with is actually a very,
very big deal. If you look at
Terrestrial Energy, it stands out a lot
more than the other players on this
list. Anyways, it's going to become the
first publicly traded nuclear play of
its kind. For starters, it's a
fasttomarket nuclear. Unlike most sci-fi
timeline nuclear startups, Terrestrial's
integral molten salt reactor, we'll call
it IMSR, is designed for speed. It's
modular. It's capital light and it's
using readily available fuel instead of
very very scarce fuel that the
competitors use and they've already hit
major regulatory milestones in the US
and Canada. Number two, it has a monster
TAM total addressable market estimated
at about $1.4 trillion plus. Now IMSRS
aren't just about electricity. They
actually deliver 585 Celsius industrial
heat which is very clean, very firm
power for data centers and fuel for
green hydrogen/ammonia. This opens a 1.4
4 trillion plus addressable market in
OECD economies which is potentially
going to grow all the way to 1.9
trillion by 2050. Number three,
competitive costs. Legacy nuclear is
slow, expensive, single use.
Terrestrial, well, it's 50% more
efficient. Its levelized cost of
electricity, LCOE, is at $69 versus $140
for legacy nuclear. They also hit coal
plant level steam temps, making
retrofits possible. And that means that
80% of US coal sites could be
retrofitted to carry this type of
nuclear. Number four, recurring revenue.
We love recurring revenue. It's not a
model of one-off sales, but actually
recurring revenue. This isn't a seller
reactor and walk away type of model.
Terrestrial earns from pre-construction,
core unit replacements every seven
years, long-term fuel supply, and
maintenance. That means multi-deade high
margin revenue streams. Again, we love
recurring revenue. Number five, policy
plus partnerships equals big tailwinds.
Governments the US, Canada, UK have
backed them with grants and regulatory
progress. Partnerships with
Westinghouse, Camco, Seammens, Texas&M,
and more give them credibility. Plus,
the US and really global policy calls to
triple nuclear capacity by 2050. So,
again, mega mega mega tailwinds for this
company. So, we've just talked about
terrestrial, but is the SPAC that's
going to be buying out this company? A
good buy right now? HD. So, what's the
upside for HOD stock here? While the
potential anticipatory run into
combination with terrestrial energy,
which looks like it's going to happen in
Q4, the long-term upside as terrestrial
energy expands with government and
regulatory tailwinds and also the
likelihood that HOLD is probably
underpriced as many people simply
overlook or don't like to buy spaxs pre-
merger. Now, what about the downside for
Hound? Well, the merger date is still
pending. It looks like it's going to
happen in Q4 most likely, but it is
still pending. There's also the fact
that people often like to take profits
right before and after mergers causing
dumps. And of course, spaxs simply just
like to make people worry before mergers
because they haven't merged yet. So,
they're always worried about holdups in
the regulatory process and so on and so
forth. That being said, bigger picture
here, I expect to see anticipatory
running into the merger, which is likely
some months away, then a take-profit
period, and then then a longer term play
as this company builds out its reactors.
Now, one of the things to keep in mind,
though, is that the DoD put out a list
of about 10 different companies. And
they said that they're using these
companies in a pilot program to build
specific types of nuclear reactors
before July of 2026. And so, there's
mega mega tailwinds for all of these
companies. But there's also a shortage
of options to actually invest in any of
these companies. Since all of them, but
two are privately traded, well, that
means that a lot of capital that wants
to play off these government tailwinds
has to go to those two. And Aqua is
already completely publicly available
for buying. And as you've seen, the
stock has gone up massively. And the
only other one that's left is
Terrestrial, which is going to be going
public through HD. And thus, I would
expect folks that are trying to get an
exposure to this DoD and government
backing situation are going to go for
either Aqua or Hond or both. And Hond,
unlike Aqua, hasn't gone up much. And so
definitely, I would say it's worth
putting on your radar. Anyways folks,
that caps off today's video. Have a
great rest of your day and we'll see you
next time. If you'd like to join us in
the Discord and get our full Zip Creator
experience, I'll put the link to that
down below. Have a good one, folks.
We'll see you next time.