What is AppCloud and why can't you
remove it from your Samsung device?
AppCloud is a pre-installed app that
functions as an adwear and bloatware
service on Samsung and on other Android
devices. It recommends and installs apps
without explicit user consent. In other
words, this app that you've probably
never heard of has access to your phone
and can even install apps without your
say so. That's not adwear. That's
malware as many users have vocalized in
technology forums. Yeah, it's
inconvenient, but at least you can
uninstall AppCloud, right? Nah, afraid
not. Samsung says you may disable it,
but you can't actually uninstall or
remove the app from your phone. So, who
are AppCloud and who makes it? AppCloud
is made by a company called Iron Source.
And that company, you'll be shocked to
know, are Israeli. So, an Israeli
software company has malware on your
phone that can access all your data and
can install things onto your phone
without your permission. That's alarming
because Israel doesn't just have a
history of turning electronic devices
into weapons as they did with the recent
pager attacks in Lebanon, but they also
have a history of spying on dissident
using their technological skills. Now,
they don't just reserve their spying for
their enemies either. Both the US, their
so-called greatest ally, and the UK have
been on the receiving end of Israeli
spying. With Jeffrey Epstein and his
ties to Israeli intelligence making
people ask the question, was Epstein
running a blackmail operation on behalf
of Israel to control the decision-making
of the political elite? This is an
interesting development because if he
was, what are they doing to gather
blackmail worthy material now that
Epstein is deceased? Is there another
billionaire out there with cameras in
every room gathering compromising videos
of our elected officials getting up to
horrific things? Or is that achieved via
technological access? After all, if you
can access their devices and their data,
you can use that information as
leverage, right? But what is perhaps
more sinister is their ability to
install data onto your phone. What if
instead of catching someone with
compromising material, you can simply
plant it there to use as blackmail or
even to destroy and imprison political
opponents? So I asked the question, are
you happy to trust and accept Israeli
malware that you cannot remove on your
device?
But do you have cell phones? Any you
have cell phones here? No. You're
holding a piece of Israel right there.
You know that?
[Music]