What's up you guys? It's Graham here.
And if you have any money in the market
whatsoever, you need to hear this
because despite the stock market
breaking all-time highs, search volume
for AI bubble has just broken a new
record. Investors believe that the
economy is now on borrowed time and the
billionaire Paul Tudtor Jones says that
this is now reminiscent of exactly what
happened right before the 2001.com
crash. That's why we really have to talk
about exactly what's happening, what
could be in store for the future, and
why some people could be in for a very
rude awakening. Because even though it's
easy to think that stocks just keep
going up higher in AI is the future, the
reality is most people are not prepared
if the tides were to eventually turn
when they start to see serious
life-changing losses in their account
where years of profits are wiped away in
a matter of weeks. And that is what we
have to talk about today, as well as
what I believe to be the best strategy
going forward with just the facts as
soon as you hit the like button and
subscribe if you haven't done that
already. Seriously, doing that helps the
channel tremendously and is a thank you
for doing that. Here's a picture of a
turtle. So, thank you so much. And also,
big thank you to the Gemini credit card
for sponsoring this video. But more on
that later. All right, now let's talk
about the dreaded market bubble. Usually
this occurs when enthusiasm, excitement,
and money all combine at the exact same
time to cause one sector to skyrocket in
price. And really what we are seeing
today is truly incredible. Like just
consider that OpenAI recently raised at
a $500 billion valuation. They then
commit 300 billion for Oracle Cloud
Compute. Oracle skyrockets in price
because Oracle runs on Nvidia chips.
Nvidia demand soarses and so Nvidia
invest hundred billion back into OpenAI.
But wait, if that sounds like a circular
infinite money glitch, it gets even
weirder. Open AAI also owns 10% of AMD.
Intel will be partnering with AMD as a
customer, and the government owns 10% of
Intel. Or basically, to dumb this down,
it's kind of like Paul investing $100 in
John, who invests $100 in Bob, who
invests $100 in Paul. And that's where
we get into the first problem. As of the
time I'm making this video, Tech now
makes up more of the S&P 500 than at the
peak of the 2001.com bubble. And Nvidia,
which has the largest waiting from any
company in the world, trades at a price
to earnings ratio of 57, which for
reference means that investors are
paying 57 times more money than what
Nvidia earns with the expectation that
they can overpay now because earnings
will be even higher in the future. And
again, that's just the very beginning.
We also have a metric called the Buffett
indicator which measures the total value
of the stock market against the US GDP.
And he's previously referred to it as
the single best measure of where
valuations stand at any given moment.
With this gauge, it said that a reading
of 100% is said to be fair. At 70%
stocks are a bargain price. And if it's
near 200%, investors are playing with
fire. And I think you get where I'm
going with this. As you could see here,
the Buffett indicator is trading at an
above trend price of 217%.
Which places it at the highest level
ever recorded in stock market history.
Of course, in fairness, these days, the
Buffett indicator is set to be somewhat
flawed because it doesn't take into
account how low interest rates affect a
company's valuation. But that isn't
stopping some experts from warning
people that these types of returns can't
just continue indefinitely without a few
bumps along the way. And it's not just
AI either. In terms of the entire S&P
500, the top 10 companies now make up
more than 40% of the entire index.
Meaning, even though you think you're
diversifying, you're really investing a
significant portion of your money into
less than a dozen companies. So, how
does this compare to previous bubbles?
Well, let's start with the dot crash
because this seems to be what investors
are comparing today's market to the
most. Like for those unaware, this was
caused by a frenzy of speculation for
internet related companies throughout
the late 1990s because the internet was
going to be the future, right? Well, the
reality was that people were throwing
money at companies that were incredibly
unprofitable. And when that was
unsustainable, they eventually
collapsed, wiping out most of their
value. In fact, if you were in tech
stocks at the time, you would have lost
on average 78% and it would have taken
nearly two decades to recover. Now, even
though 1999 does seem eerily similar to
what we're seeing today, believe it or
not, back then the NASDAQ's price to
earnings ratio was as high as 75
compared to today's just 35. The largest
tech stock of 2001 became Cisco, which
peaked at a value of 472 times earnings
compared to Nvidia's 57 times earnings.
And even though today's numbers
certainly feel like a bubble compared to
back then, it's really not as bad.
However, even though Nvidia isn't quite
as stretched as Cisco was back in 2001,
as it turns out, investors are now
beginning to throw money back into
companies that still don't make a
profit. Case in point, this MIT study,
which found that 95% of companies saw no
measurable ROI with AI. All of this
means that just like the early 2000s,
we're starting to see a divergence
between investment and productivity
return where investors believe that free
money is coming back and it's better to
get in now than get left behind and have
to pay more in the future. Which is why
a lot of investors are also comparing it
to the Japanese everything bubble. This
occurred throughout the late 1980s when
the Japanese stock market more than
tripled in just a few years. In fact, so
much money was flowing into the stock
market that their Schiller cape ratio
reached around 80, which is nearly
double the dot peak. Of course, though,
when it collapsed, their stock market
dropped to about 80%. People hoarded
onto their cash for fear of spending any
money, and it took the entire country
nearly 40 years just to recover. Now,
even though our market is nowhere near
as dramatic as Japan, and the United
States is mainly just isolated to the
tech sector, the same investor
psychology is still swirling around
today. Like many investors believe, a
new economic era has arrived. There's
overconfidence throughout AI. Money
printing is rampant and speculation is
back. So what does this mean for you?
How should you prepare? And is this
actually something to worry about? Well,
the way I see it, no matter what's
happening throughout the economy, it's
always a good idea to diversify, not
just throughout stocks, but also in what
you own overall. For instance, Black
Rockck has argued that a small
allocation to Bitcoin might provide a
slight hedge to global instability.
That's why I like using our sponsor, the
Gemini Credit Card, because they give
you Bitcoin back every time you
purchase. Or basically, while everyone
else is out speculating, you're there
quietly building up a separate asset
class every time you spend some money.
Like with this, all you got to do is
swipe your card normally, and you could
earn up to 4% back on transportation, 3%
back on dining, 2% on groceries, and 1%
on everything else with no annual fee.
Plus, Bitcoin rewards earned and held in
the Gemini credit card for a year have
appreciated 277% on average. This makes
it really easy to gain a little exposure
to Bitcoin without having to try to time
the market or buy it yourself. Plus, it
comes in five cool stainless steel
colors. You could get black, silver,
rose gold, Bitcoin orange, or the brand
new XRP edition. Or, I guess, if Bitcoin
is not your thing, you could also select
from more than 50 other cryptocurrencies
that you could switch to at any time.
Feel free to check out the description
for more information on rates and fees
and see if you're eligible with no
impact to your credit score. So, if
you'd like to earn Bitcoin or select
from dozens of others, feel free to use
the link down below in the description
or go to gemini.com/gram
to get started. And as a special bonus,
you could get $200 worth of free Bitcoin
when you spend $3,000 in the first 90
days. Again, that link is down below.
Enjoy. Thank you so much. And now, let's
get back to the video. All right. So,
before we go into what I'm doing and how
to prepare going forward, no matter what
happens, we got to answer the question,
are we in a stock market bubble, the
honest answer is by nearly every
measurable aspect. There's just no way
to sugarcoat it, the market is trading
at historically high valuations. Like
60% of venture capital is now going into
AI compared to 40% that went into
internet companies in the '90s. Our fear
versus greed index is back at greed and
price to sales ratios are back to a
number that we haven't seen in decades.
But could that just be the result of
endless money printing? Especially since
the dollar has seen its worst year since
1973. Well, even though some theories
would say that asset prices aren't up,
the dollar is just going down. When you
look at the data, as it turns out,
that's not exactly true. Like when you
look at the dollar's value over the last
50 years, you're going to notice some
pretty crazy swings. For instance, it
depreciated from 2002 to 12 and then it
appreciated throughout the 2010s, all
during a time where the markets went up
and down and back up again, effectively
showing no correlation between the two
whatsoever. Fisher Investments also
analyzed this phenomenon going all the
way back to the 1970s when the dollar
was taken off the gold standard. And as
it turned out, the correlation between
the trade weighted dollar index and the
S&P 500 returns is only about 0.15,
which is essentially zero. On top of
that, they also discovered that global
stocks are up 76% of the time, whether
the dollar was rising or falling. Of
course, that's not to say that the
dollar can't have some impact in the
stock market shortterm, but long-term,
it's shown that the dollar's moves
really have zero correlation with the
S&P 500's performance long-term. But
what about inflation? Surely that has to
have some effect, right? Well, to a
certain degree, yes, inflation can be
factored into the price that you pay for
a stock. But over the long run, when you
really dig into the data, there's no
correlation between the amount of money
getting printed into the economy and the
higher the stock market goes. Like, as
Ben Carlson from a Wealth of Common
Sense blog points out, this could be
because the stock market is supposed to
be forward-looking and inflation
involves backward-looking data. But even
if you did some sort of look ahead,
there's nothing there. This all suggests
that the stock market is genuinely
expanding outside of the amount of money
that gets printed into the economy. So,
does this confirm then that we're not in
a stock market bubble? Well, the truth
is if we are in a bubble, we usually
can't tell until after the fact. And
there's nothing that says we can't trade
like this for much, much much longer.
Like to help put this into perspective,
if we traded at the same level as Japan
did at the very peak, our S&P 500 would
currently be at over 11,000. And right
now, we're almost half of that. At the
same time that there's $7.7 trillion on
the sidelines that still hasn't entered
the market. Not to mention, AI is backed
by some genuinely very profitable
companies like Google and Microsoft are
not going to be going bankrupt if their
AI investments don't pan out as well as
they expected. Unlike a lot of the dot
companies that vanished overnight, we
also can't deny the transformative
nature of AI, which is very real, and we
could very well grow into these
valuations at the same time, too. Amazon
is a great example of this. They
survived the com bust and are now one of
the largest companies in existence. Not
to mention, just the fact that we're
talking about it being in a bubble means
that maybe that's already somewhat
priced in and we're not in a bubble. I
just think that now is a time to at
least be cautious. Make sure you have a
steady income. Make sure you invest
consistently. Make sure you're properly
diversified. And even if the market does
go down, use it as an opportunity to buy
back in even cheaper. That's why in
terms of what I'm doing, I am a huge fan
of the phrase the market could remain
irrational longer than you could remain
solvent. This means that as smart as you
think you might be to predict the future
and call a stock market bubble, the
market has shown that it's consistently
defied the odds and betting against it
so far has been very unprofitable. Like
take a look at Isaac Newton during the
South Sea bubble of 1720. He initially
invested early, made a huge profit and
cashed out thinking the market run was
unsustainable. But then he watched as
prices kept soaring and his friends got
even richer. So despite his brilliance,
he jumped back in near the peak. At
first, he looked like a genius, but then
everything came crashing down and he
lost huge. Don't let this be you. All of
that is to say that I'm taking the
approach of consistently dollar cost
averaging into the markets on a regular
basis regardless of where it trades. But
I am doing my best to diversify across
as many different sectors as possible.
For instance, even though I'm investing
in the United States, I'm also investing
in international stocks, emerging
markets, and a Bitcoin ETF while also
keeping some cash on the sidelines in
tax-free MUN bonds that earn anywhere
from 3 1/2 to 5% a year. That way, I'm
still invested. I still buy in, but if
the market falls, I have some dry powder
to buy in even cheaper. It's kind of
like insurance where yes, I do miss out
on some profits from not having all of
my money invested, but if things fall,
it's definitely going to pay for itself.
Separate from that, in terms of a stock
market bubble, from everything that I
could find, the data points to the fact
that the stock market is trading at a
very high level that might be difficult
to sustain. But that doesn't mean it
can't continue going higher for a very,
very, very long time. And statistically,
betting against it has lost more money
than people have made. Or then again,
maybe I'm totally wrong. I am just a
random guy making YouTube videos in a
halfconverted garage. So, I would love
to hear what you think of this down
below in the comment section. I will do
my best to read and reply to as many of
you as I can. Also, don't forget to hit
the like button, subscribe. Thank you so
much and until next