First things first, before I cannonball
into the spaghetti and meatballs of
today's topic, I'd like to let you all
know I've been actively working on my
Mickey Mouse impressions. So, please let
me know your thoughts.
>> Pluto. So, with that out of the way, I'm
going to show you all of my analytics
from my lifetime of being on YouTube and
almost a decade of being.
Is this Charlie's coded message and way
to send a message to Pluto who's on the
Twitch staff
to indirectly complain about his revenue
that he's making on Twitch or the
revenue that's being made on Twitch
as a preface to the video
because that's what it has to be, right?
That's what it has to be
>> on Twitch. Now, the reason for this is a
week ago, I made a video called I'm
turning it off. And in that video, I'm
explaining why I'm disabling any and all
means of people having the ability to
donate money to me.
>> Yeah, I turned mine off, too. It's
[ __ ] annoying. I don't want to read
people's messages. They're stupid. And
then people feel like they want to talk
to me. Then I think that you owe them
something. It's just [ __ ] annoying.
>> Yeah, I turned that [ __ ] off, too.
No more super chats. No more YouTube
memberships for all intents and
purposes. No more bits on Twitch. I say
all intents and purposes because you
can't actually fully disable that on
Twitch. Once you start streaming on
there, you're [ __ ] shackled to the
bits ecosystem. It cannot
>> Yeah, you I mean, yeah, you can. People
can do it, but it doesn't I don't I
don't create I don't create an incentive
structure around it.
>> Not be turned off. So
highfully
actively discouraging people from
any
clams. I am just putting the kibash on.
I should have done this a long time ago,
but better late than never. Might as
well get
>> Yeah. No, that Well, this that's what
happened is that Dan uh you know, like
we were at he took us out to a really
nice steak restaurant. It was a very
very nice place. And uh Dan was telling
me, he's like, "Hey,
so uh you're losing us a lot of money."
And I said, "Am I losing you hundreds of
thousands or millions of dollars?" And
Dan refused to answer me.
And so he was telling me, he's like,
"Hey man, I'm just letting you know that
we might be doing this ad thing."
Did you feel, guys? Did you guys feel
out of place? I mean, no. You just I
mean you go to this one of these steak
restaurants and it's like an expensive
place. There's plenty of idiots sitting
around. Plenty of morons sitting there
all the time. You think everybody there
is [ __ ] Bill Gates? No. The morons
everywhere.
Charted now. The reason is super simple.
I would much rather you keep your money.
Use it for yourself or use it for things
you deem important, whether it's
charitable causes or what have you. But
just stop forking it over to me. Now,
since posting that video, there's been a
lot of questions and even somewhat of a
push back from other streamers about how
like there's such a bad precedent where
it like
>> Yeah, I think other streamers don't. And
this is why whenever I've talked about
it, I've always said multiple times that
I don't criticize or complain like, you
know, like Kai does a subathon. Even Kai
Kai's got a lot of money too, right? And
I I never criticize other people for
trying to make money. I don't think it's
really a bad thing. And that's why I
always say like every time that I do
talk about like taking donations or
anything like that, I usually do preface
it by saying like if other people want
to do it, that's totally fine because I
I I don't want to do like a I think
Charlie like what he's talking about is
like streamers get defensive because
they feel like people like Charlie
potentially are pulling the l Charlie's
not doing this by the way, but this is
the way they feel that Charlie's pulling
the ladder up, right? He's already made
a lot of money and now he's virtue
signaling that he doesn't need your
money. And this creates a second order
effect of now other viewers thinking
that you as a streamer, this other
person are greedy and thinking of you as
a worse person. It makes them look bad
basically, right? That's the way that
they feel.
Yeah, it does look like that. Yeah. I
mean, sure, right? And that's why I
always say that, but that's the reason
why he gets the negativity.
>> Starts to shame other streamers if they
don't follow my footsteps here.
>> Yeah.
>> Let me be clear. I'm not trying to make
a rallying cry here. I'm not your dad.
You do what you want with your own
streams. Keep donations and subs on out
the wazoo forever. I don't care. That's
your prerogative. This was just my own
personal
>> Right. Yeah. I mean, I I feel the same
way. You do whatever you want to do.
decision. Obviously, that wasn't like
the most prevalent take or anything, but
it is a conversation I saw stirring
about after I posted that video because
there are some streamers that believe
that normal people having the ability to
give them money helps them feel included
in the community, part of the crew, part
of the ship, and it's like integral to
the streaming experience to be
>> I think that's a interesting
perspective, and if you want to have
that perspective, I think that that
perspective should be attached to some
sort of merchandise. So like if you
really if if you think that you want
your community to feel engaged and you
think that by them investing into you as
a creator that then they will be you
know invested into the stream
psychologically that is a sound
conclusion to make. Why not sell
merchandise? Sell a little plushy. Sell
a shirt. Sell something a little
something just some a little a hat. A
little something some little stupid
thing. Right? That's fine.
Yeah. I mean that that's Yeah. Phone
case, right? Yeah. So I I I but like you
don't have to ask for $20. Like just
give them something that they can
remember that they have and then
whenever you get cancelled they can make
videos on Twitter setting it on fire
>> to like sub and donate and things like
that. I've never really shared that
perspective. I've always viewed
streaming as content that you are
providing to viewers for free. It is.
It's free. And And I monetize my stream
in a lot of ways. And I not, you know,
you guys notice like I'll say I'll, you
know, somebody donates 50 subs, 100
subs, 10 subs even, I'll say thanks. But
a lot of times I also say don't do don't
do it if you can't afford it, right? Um,
the truth is that I don't like the idea
of the like the subscriber nonsubscriber
dynamic because I think that it tears
viewers and I don't like the idea where
certain viewers are given privileges
inside of the community that other
viewers don't have because I just feel
like that's an uncomfortable dynamic to
be created by income.
I just think it's weird.
Someone's nice enough to toss you a
deloon, you tip your fedora, saying,
"Holly jolly, thanks for the Reddit
gold, kind stranger, and move on." But
it's not an obligation, and no one
should feel like they need to be able to
give you money to be included as a
community. That feels very parasocial to
me, but that's just my own view on it.
But what I will tell you, breaking the
magician's code here, there is no top
streamer that needs your financial
support. That's a [ __ ] fact. Oh my
god. And it's not entirely a fact
because I know some of like actually,
you know what? I had a friend, I'm not
going to say who it is, spent $60,000
having water delivered to their house
from across the street.
Even this friend doesn't need your
[ __ ] money
to put food on the table or continue
providing those streams for you. Also,
the bulk of a streamer's income comes
from ads in the first place. Anyway
though, I think this stems from people
just not really knowing how much money a
top streamer can make on Twitch, for
example. So, let me show you my
analytics from my lifetime on Twitch.
Now, Twitch analytics are a little wonky
here on the back end. So, I wasn't able
to just set the date range from 2017 to
2025 because it would just freeze. It
would just have a conipion. I bet the
Twitch HQ server just [ __ ] caught
flame with me.
>> So, you made 55K uh in two years
basically, right? 2017,
2019
>> trying to do that. So, I had to break it
up into chunks.
>> So, in 2017 is when I really started
like actually on Twitch. I had dabbled
in 2016, but it wasn't until 2017 where
I got like partnered and everything. So,
from 2017 to 2019, I made $55,000
for those two years. And I wasn't
full-time streaming at this point or
anything. It was just a a bit of a bit
of goofing around, having some fun, and
it brought in $55,000.
From 2019 to 2021 is when I took it a
lot more seriously. As you
>> This is a better number. You see this
number? It's the one $1.2 $2 million.
Very good number to see here.
>> You can see my time streamed went from
600 hours on the two years to 3,600
hours.
>> And I made $1.2 million for those two
years. And this was before my Twitch
contract. So the only ads that were
running on my stream were like the
pre-roll ads, the ones that Twitch would
insert themselves. So this was still
without ads, by the way. 1.2 2 million
almost 1.3. Then I got a Twitch contract
which necessitated a certain amount of
ads 3 minutes of ad time per hour and
from 2021 to basically 2025
like over three years
>> made.1
million and to those
>> that's pretty good.
>> I would say that is overall that's
pretty good.
astute observers amongst you with those
keen peepers, you might notice that my
subscriptions are less than half of what
they were for the previous 2-year
period.
>> So, even though I have
>> Yeah, a lot of people took the Twitch
contract. I didn't take it because I
just didn't want to have to [ __ ]
uh they said I had to stream a certain
amount of hours and like I was like,
"Well, what if I don't want to?" And
they're like, "Well, then you Well, they
said you have to. So I said, "Nope, I'm
out."
Actually, it
Yeah. I just didn't want to do it. I got
a pretty good deal, too. I got a very
good deal. What happened in 2023?
Probably his contract ended. That's
whenever he moved back to multireaming
between YouTube and Twitch.
It becomes a job. Yeah.
180,000 less subs across these three
years than I did for the previous two. I
still made significantly more because of
ads. Ads.
>> Well, and this is also you've got to
keep in mind that this is this is the
equivalent of four years, right? So, he
made uh
like a little bit over a million dollars
a year streaming on Twitch.
That's that's good. That's pretty good.
Ads are the bread basket to streamers.
That
>> only a million a year. Yeah, it's it's
decent. Sure. Why is he showing this?
>> So people stop giving people that have
that are making a million dollars a
year. They stop giving their [ __ ]
paycheck whenever they're working at
Sam's Club to to them. Stop doing this.
Stop. Stop it. If you want to say thank
you for the content, that's totally
fine. you want to get, you know, you you
want to chip in 15 bucks W, right?
Thanks. But like there needs to be an
understanding of this. And I and here's
the reason too, and I don't know if he's
going to talk about this, but there's
been a lot of unhealthy relationships
that I think people have developed over
the years with streamers. And I think
these unhealthy relationships are fueled
by a number of things. And by talking
about the amount of money that people
make, it does cut that parasocial
relatability
thing. Whenever you know that this guy
is making like a million dollars a year,
right? That to me is a good thing.
That's a very good thing. I'm happy that
that's happening because the type like
again that's like having oh wow there's
no [ __ ] around here. There's no more
flies. Where's all the flies?
Nobody's saying that, are they?
That's the way I see it,
especially the YouTubers. Yeah. Yeah.
So, I I I I'm very much This This has
always been my mindset for it. This is
why I've never uh I I I've never like
farmed parasocial stuff at all. I knew a
girl who was giving over 50K to her
favorite streamer. She could afford it,
but still crazy. Well, I mean, if you
can afford the amount of money that
you're spending, I think it's like a
person should have every right to
exercise discretion and do what they
want to do if it makes them happy,
right? I mean, like that really it it's
fine, but at the same time, uh you you
also have to be reasonable.
The jelly to the peanut butter sandwich
that is streaming. And keep in mind
these numbers here, the 4.1, the 1.2,
too. Those don't even include brand
deals or sponsorships. And I didn't have
any like ancillary donations, but a lot
of streamers do through like Streamlabs
for like text to speech stuff like that.
So that doesn't include any of those
other means of making money through the
medium. This is solely through just
>> Yeah. Like whenever I started streaming,
like within three months of streaming, I
was making $10,000 a month.
Like just that it was that fast. like I
I immediately like and and then at that
point like within six months we were uh
streaming like me and McConnell we were
live uh every single day basically and
we were making probably like about
double that I would say maybe a little
bit more and uh we were like the top of
Twitch that was in like in in less than
half a year. You already had following
though, right? A little bit. Like our
first stream was 250. Second stream was
a thousand and then like three months it
was like four or 5,000 and then by 6
months we were getting close to 10 and
then it went back down whenever I
changed my schedule and everything and
then it went back up obviously after
that. When was this? It was like 2017.
Here's what I can do.
I just pulled up my analytics for a
couple of my mods. One of them is in
chat
and I showed them how much money I was
making on Twitch
in one day or a week. And cuz they were
wondering how much the 247 channel would
make.
That's about it. Pretty much says it.
>> Twitch itself. And I think something
important to mention, contrary to
popular belief, I am not a top streamer.
I am also not even a full-time streamer
and I haven't been for over a year and a
half. So, uh, my 2025 earnings
>> getting lazy. He's been getting so lazy.
Remember whenever he did that Halo 2
thing and it was really good. Now you
just go live for like three hours and
play Digimon and then you go offline.
Remember that? It was like three days
ago. I remember seeing you do that. I
was trying to watch the game.
I didn't really put them here. It's
about 100K. So, another thing to add to
the total here,
>> but I I'm not even a full-time streamer
anymore and I haven't been a top 20
streamer probably since the [ __ ]
Among Us boom, you know, back in the
prehistoric internet age now. Like, the
Among Us era is the only time where I
broached like the top 20. I I am I have
not been in that that ball game for a
while. And yet, this is still
>> I would say that
for every year
that I I've taken like long breaks so it
might [ __ ] up the averages,
but I would say like have I been in top
10?
I think I've been in top 10 for like
seven years, maybe six
minus like maybe one where I took a lot
of breaks.
That was about it.
Yeah, it it Yeah, I I' I've been doing
it for a while. Six, seven. Yeah,
something like that, right? Top 10 most
humble. Yeah, you were number one. No, I
I've been I've been top on the platform
for before. I mean, for months before,
sure. Yeah,
it was that was a good month. Those were
good months.
Sure.
A crazy amount of money where there is
no reason I should be taking money from
just normal people working normal
everyday jobs. It just doesn't feel
right to me. Streaming is the easiest
job there is. Hot take. I know. Sorry.
That was a blistering, scolding magma
that I just spewed out there. But
>> it's like, yeah, you don't need to do
that. And then like people give you
money and they think that you owe them.
It's just weird. Like there's just like
I would rather have a relationship with
my audience where it's just a bunch of
guys sitting around talking about video
games or politics or dicks or I don't
know something stupid, right? Like life.
And there's no money involved. There's
no like weird
like sponsor play or something like
that, right? I it's just it's just
you're just sitting around talking and
hanging out, right? I mean, like that's
that's really what I would want to do.
It doesn't mean I don't like to make
money, but there's always going to be
ways to make money and that's always
what's happened. No. Yeah. No girls. No,
of course not.
It is,
>> by the way. So, I went to the gas
station and these three girls were like
laughing and giggling at each other,
talking about me, and they kept saying,
they're like, "Is that Moisty Critical?"
And I'm like, "I'm not Charlie." And
they're like, "Oh my god, we knew it."
Yeah. They're like, "We thought you were
him." And and I'm sorry, but I felt like
I feel like I don't look anything like
Charlie. If anything, it's an insult to
Charlie that people say I look like him.
Like, what is this? Like, how the f like
and and these girls I I think they were
drunk, right? And because they they
pulled in sideways to the [ __ ] gas
station and this is a gas station with a
bunch of those like metal poles in the
front so you can't drive into it. And
I'm like, how the [ __ ] did you think
that?
How did you know this?
Like it it Why would you ever think
this? It It's not even remotely close.
It's not.
It's the hair. No, it it's It's
ridiculous.
>> The truth. I sit in swamp ass for a few
hours every day. Well, at least I used
to when I was a full-time streamer,
playing games or just yapping. Now,
compare that Weenie Hut Jr. routine to a
normal person who is actually working
their ass off every single day in a
9-to-f5 environment grinding in the
hopes of chasing the American dream and
then they'll come home maybe turn on my
stream and donate a couple of dollars to
me and it just doesn't sit
>> feels weird. Yeah, feels weird
>> right with me taking that kind of money
given what I've made from all of this
and I really should have just stopped. I
think also like to me it's not even
about that. Like I had no I'd have no
problem like you know you want me to
steal money from somebody I steal their
money but like I don't want to have like
the the emotional component of it is
weird. Like I would rather steal the
money from people than have them give it
to me.
I would
because I feel like at that point like
that's that's it's like better,
you know.
Like
rather steal it,
have people give it. Yeah, that's just I
don't know
this a long time ago, especially
considering this is just the Twitch side
of things. I told you I'm going to show
you my YouTube earnings. So be ready
because here it is huge [ __ ] number
unfathomable amount of money from
starting this channel in 2007 all the
way till today $25.8 million.
>> I never even imagined that amount of
money was possible to earn without just
being born rich.
>> No, there's plenty of ways you make a
ton of money. You just have to get a lot
of people to give you money. It's easy.
Yeah, there's tons of ways you do that.
>> I've said from day one, I got incredibly
lucky. I will never be able to put into
words just how lucky I got with all of
this [ __ ] here. I'm not special. I got
lucky. It's It's funny that he says that
because like it is kind of partially
true,
>> but I remember going into YouTube and
going into Twitch and we like before we
even streaming, we had already decided,
me and Zach and McConnell and a couple
of my other friends, we had already
decided that that we were the best
streamers on the platform and we hadn't
even streamed by then.
[Music]
Like the amount of ego that we had was
like it really whenever you go back and
think about it. Yeah, we already were
like, "Yeah, we're better than everybody
else." So, you know, eventually, like,
as soon as we start as soon as we start
doing our stuff, everybody's going to
stop watching them and they're all going
to start watching us because we're
better.
It was awful.
This is what I've said before about like
how actually the ego thing has gone way
down. Like I I am not even like onetenth
as bad as I used to be.
always said that and I still believe
that to this day. Now, something I saw a
lot of people asking after the video I
made about turning off all the donation
stuff is how much money I'm leaving on
the table. Well, it's kind of hard to
show it on Twitch considering both subs
and bits are technically still on even
though I discourage both.
>> You're missing out on about like 300k a
year somewhere around there. Something
like that's what I would have to if I
you want me to ballpark it something
like that.
have bits at a point where I don't think
it's even possible to use them.
>> I still can't get like a hard number on
what's like gone now or anything like
that. But on YouTube, I can show you
directly. So with memberships and
supers/itch,
I made over a million dollars. Keep in
mind, I've only had those things enabled
for about a year. It was a million
dollars in a year from just normal
people donating.
>> I thought it would be like two years.
again that just doesn't [ __ ] sit
right with me. Now, I know there are
plenty of
>> How much that number you at? If do you
want me to be honest? I'm gonna tell you
guys the genuine truth, and you will not
believe this, but I'm going to tell you
the truth.
I have not checked my YouTube earnings
since November
last year.
My accountant will call me occasionally
and he'll say, "You're making a lot of
money." I'll say, "That's great."
And the reason why I don't check it is
because I think it is poison.
I don't want to check it. I don't want
to see the numbers. I don't want to
think about the numbers.
Did you only pay taxes? I actually paid
taxes very recently like uh was it like
uh three days ago.
That was a uh that was a lot of money.
It was a lot of money
and YouTubers that have significantly
more money than me and have subs and
donations on and whatever.
>> I don't care. Like I said, this is not
me trying to lead some kind of
revolution here where all of them turn
it off. It's their choice to make. I
wanted to explain fully why I don't want
normal people just giving me their money
anymore at all. Also,
>> I it's I don't even like there's a moral
aspect to it maybe, but to me it's just
[ __ ] annoying. I don't want to read
the me. I don't want to read donation
messages cuz people feel like you need
to read them and I don't want to have to
feel like I have to read your message
cuz a lot of times they're like
attention seeking and annoying and so
it's like I don't want to do it and so
like that's the reason why I mean I
there's no like there's like no moral
high ground here. There's no like like
cuz the the point where it was is like
so it was I remember the moment that I
realized it was a problem is that I
called my dad like I was on the phone
with my dad it's like me McConnell and
Sand we were like running it was like
Seth of Halls I remember this clearly
and I tell him that like cuz we had done
TTS that day and I tell my dad I said
we've been doing TTS people donate money
to to do it and he asked like how much
money did you make and I'm like live and
I'm just like oh I made $7,000
Like that was from that one day just
from from donations. And he's like,
"That's it?" And like I like I don't
know why, but I was just like, "Yeah."
Like did I really just like have to
listen to all these retards just for
$7,000?
Like do I I like I I don't want to deal
with that.
And and also like me and McConnell would
be talking and me and Sandon McConnell
be talking about like, you know, some
[ __ ] right? But then uh you know
somebody would donate $20 and they would
want to get a word in edgewise in our
conversation and it was just weird man
and so we turned it off.
Like that's the re it was just annoying.
That was the reason.
Yeah. I already have to listen another
[ __ ] work for less.
Yeah. That was the actual reason why it
was there's no there there's no [ __ ]
like moral authority to this or anything
else. Witness me. Yeah, bro. Like not
anymore.
>> Be honest. I think just full goatsing,
showing how much streaming/youtubeing
can make, just showing you the full
unedited raw numbers is probably helpful
for normal people so they can see how
much money is in this space because I
think there's often so many question
marks from people wondering how much
does a streamer or YouTuber make?
They'll either say like they're making
billions of dollars or they're making
nothing and there's never like an in
between because there's never any like
really hard numbers to look at. So, I
think something like this can be helpful
for that. Especially because over the
years, I've noticed there's been a
multitude of creators that have come out
and tried to like underplay how well off
they are financially because
>> if you do that, you are a dick sucker.
You are a dick sucker if you do that.
And not only are you a dick sucker, but
I'm going to make a video about you
being a dick sucker. And then when you
get mad that I made the video, I'm gonna
make another video about you getting
mad.
And this can go on as long as you want
it to go.
So just it's the way it is.
That's what's going to happen.
They believe it could be somewhat of a
brand risk where if they are perceived
as being someone that's rich, well,
maybe their audience wouldn't like them
as much because they're no longer
relatable. It's just something I've seen
here and there over the years from a
bunch of different creators. And I just
find it a bit disingenuous. Being
relatable to your audience is
cultivating an audience of losers,
of simp losers that are unrealistic,
weird, controlling, obnoxious,
parasocial,
parasitic,
just freaks.
Like, there's some people that have
audiences like this. I'm not going to
name names, but we all know the names.
Um,
I would not like if they paid me $20
million a year just to deal with that. I
would not.
>> Hopefully something like this can help
show that if someone is in like the top
sphere of YouTube or Twitch,
>> if you know their name, you they don't
need your money.
>> They are very very well off financially.
Anyway though, if you add both of these
numbers up, I've made a total of $41.3
million.
>> No, you made way more than that. You
made more than that. You know that. I
know that. Uh, everybody knows that
because you have brand deals. It's
probably closer to like 50 if I had to
guess. Maybe a little bit more. Uh, cuz
like they're probably a little bit extra
thing. I'd probably say it's like 50,
like 50, 60, maybe 70. Like if I had to
put it in in a number, that's the number
I would use.
But that's not to say that's what I
have. Now, I do live in Florida, which
means there is no individual income tax.
>> Big time Florida W right there. I know
I'm big time gushing granny's Florida
glazer. I've lived here my whole life.
And that is something very nice about
it.
>> But it's not to say that the tax man
comes in gentle with the lube. He still
goes wholehog raw. It is still brutal
when the tax man comes a knocking. He'll
blow up your guts. And that's just the
way that it the cookie crumbles.
>> I don't even know how much money I pay
in taxes. I'm going to be honest. Like I
I I I don't even know. Like I mean I I
looked at it and I was like, "Ah, yeah,
kind of. I think that makes sense." And
that was it.
Yeah. I mean, seven figures. Yeah. But
like seven figures could be like 1
million or like 7 million, right?
Are you dumb? No. I just I I try to
avoid this might sound weird as I said
before but I think that the more that I
think money and the fixation around
money is a disease
and as soon as I was able to cover my
basic expenses
then I didn't have any other need for
for thinking about it
like it fixes everything. No, no, no.
And and and I I I I don't ever highrode
with this. So like for example,
if you're making $50,000 a year, your
life will like it will improve in like
such an indescribable way if you go from
making that much to making like $100,000
a year, right? But like there's a
diminishing return for this. And I think
that now with inflation that diminishing
return kicks in at probably $1500 to
like $250,000 a year, right? like where
it's like the difference that you get
from like a 50 to $150,000 a year is
gigantic. The difference that you get
from $450 to $550,000 a year is not
gigantic. It's basically the same thing.
And that's the point that I'm making.
And so like the more that you think
about that
the I think that the more that you
become disconnected from like like doing
what I do is
a it's in a way a creative but it's also
an expressive pursuit and
the amount of time and like energy that
I put into that. I don't want to have
any of that be polluted by money.
thinking about money. Does that make
sense?
Like and and so
in fact Yeah. And and that's that's the
way that I see things. And and again,
like other people really care a lot
about this. It this is only the way that
I I this is just like what I do, right?
Most people can't not think about money.
No. Kanye West said it best, you know,
in his new song. I'm just kidding. Um,
no, in uh having money isn't everything,
but not having it is. That's really the
truth. And I and I I've been in both
positions, right? I have I've been in
both positions, but um yeah, I think
it's true. Absolutely. But I'm not
talking about that.
>> Obviously, a good chunk instantly goes
to taxes. There's also like salaries for
the people that I pay on my team, other
expenses, and also for the first four to
five years of me earning money through
my YouTube channel, I donated every
single dollar to charity. So, while I
may have earned $41 million over the
course of my time online, I don't have
nearly that much. But I still have more
money than I will ever know what to
fully do with. And I actually thought it
would be kind of fun to go through like
a deep dive on what it looks like, you
know, taxes, expenses, all that kind of
thing to see how it all breaks down. But
maybe that's a topic best left for a
different video.
It's like my They gave me my taxes and
it was like
>> [ __ ] It's like
one more
and that was it. Like it was a lot, man.
Like cuz it was there's other things and
other annoying stuff going on. It it's
complicated, right? It it's complicated.
You guys know if you have like certain
types of holdings and stuff, it's just
so [ __ ] obnoxious. A and so yeah. Uh
glad you can pay the accountants, I bet.
Yeah. Yeah. Really? Um like what I'm I'm
I'm doing something like Well, now what
I'm doing is that like cuz my dad passed
away and so uh he just donated to so
many charities. I had no idea, but he
donated to so many [ __ ] charities.
It's almost annoying because I'm
checking his mail and they're just
spamming him with [ __ ] mail. It is
crazy. So, what I've tried to do and
like I I'm next time I take a day off,
I'm probably just going to knock all
these off. But I I haven't want to take
a day off because I've just been
streaming a lot. But at some point
before the end of the year, I'm going to
just take a day and just call all the
charities that he donated to and figure
out like what was his 2023 and 2024
donations and then just, you know, take
that and then just donate that in
perpetuity in his and my name for all
the things that he had donated to, which
is like [ __ ] 50 of them, but it's
like, you know, in the grand scheme of
things, it's really not a lot of money,
right? And so, yeah.
Uh, I need your assistant. I mean, I I I
don't really know if I could have an
assistant do that, but like I I have no
idea. You think they'll disclose that to
you?
I mean, if I tell them I'm only going to
give them the money? Yeah.
Yeah. They just tell me for sure. I'll
be like, "Yeah, I'm his son." And that's
it. And so, yeah. I mean, I I think I
think they'd probably tell me. Sure.
I'll probably just conclude it here.
Hopefully, this was insightful. Anyway,
that's really about it. So, yeah,
>> there it is. Okay. Well, there's the
video. And um yeah, I think that uh I
think this is it. I like videos like
this because they're honest and I think
that, you know, Twitch and YouTube and
everything, the way that people see
reality, the amount of money that people
make, etc. Uh there is a lot of delusion
that I think goes on but yeah that's the
way it usually is. SQC shows one day of
Twitch earnings. Oo
>> here that was like a
>> so
>> that was actually under under the
average
>> Wednesday December 15th.
>> Bad day pretty much.
>> So he he got a is a $45,000.
>> That's pretty good.
That's in one day.
That's good.
>> But it was a lot it was a lot better
than it was before that.
>> 33K out of ads. Yeah. You guys want to
see mine here? Let's take a look at
mine.
Uh analytics earnings.
Okay. And we've got right here. All
right. So, we're back. And let me make
sure everything is there is no issue
with me showing any of this. It should
not be a problem whatsoever. Okay. So,
I'll just pull it up. I'll show you all
right now. So, this is where we're at.
This is how much money I have made in
the last uh ever since I was back. So,
um basically I've made uh $19,000
this month. Uh I don't know how I have
55 minutes of ad breaks whenever the
amount of money that I made in ads. See,
I made $4,000 this day. This was a good
day. And uh peanuts. No. No. Here's the
reason why. The big reason why is
because back then the money that you
would make was insane. Like if I go on
to my Asmin Gold channel and I look at,
you know, the Lost Arc days,
XQC is right. That was a bad day.
Yeah, he's right.
Twitch-wise it's peanuts. Yeah. Yeah,
there it is. And and so anyway, uh Shaz
No, no, it was a lot. And so anyway,
like this is the amount of money I make
every day basically on streaming on
Twitch. Uh I make basically uh let's
see, $500.
Uh it's a minus $22. Somebody bought
something and they refunded. I got five
cents for Turbo, eight cents for ads.
That's pretty good, right? And then uh
we go back. I I'll just go back a little
bit more. So, this is I I guess I made a
lot of money that day. I don't really
know why. Guess gifted subs. Some sort
of like [ __ ] promotional thing. And
uh there you go again. Another $19,000.
This is when I wasn't streaming, right?
So, I'll just go back one more month.
And so, $16,000. You've got this one
right here. You know, usually about $500
a day somewhere around there, right? And
uh is kick any better? Oh, yeah. Yeah.
No, I mean like $20,000 a day and and it
it would be easy. So it it's gone down a
lot because they used to pay me for
Turbo. And if you go back and you look
at this, so I used to be getting paid a
lot of money for Turbo, but then Twitch
took me off. You said you're earning
revenue from Twitch Turbo. Well, no, I'm
not. I mean, I can tell that because the
graph says I'm not. So show kick. I
mean, I I haven't really streamed a lot
on kick, so it's harder for me to say. I
can go back and pull it up and see what
it says. But um this is this is where it
is. I guess I Let me make sure that I
can find all of this here. And uh Okay.
Accept all. All right. That should be
fine. And so can I Yeah, I guess I can
just show this one right here. So this
is on kick. Uh let me go back. I'll pull
this one up over here.
Graphs aren't real. Yeah. Yeah.
Basically. And so um there's this one
here. There's the uh the graph. And uh
this is how much I've made on kick just
I guess maybe in the last uh in the last
month, right? Ever since I've been back.
So things are uh things are going a lot
better on kick definitely. And uh the
reason why is that you know people that
watch over there get paid for more money
and you know like it's just better off.
And so that's two weeks, right? That's
two weeks. And uh it's three times as
much it is. So this is the amount of
money I made per day right here on kick.
It's about $5,000 a day. somewhere
around there. It could really depend.
You run ads the end of the stream, get
turbo revenue. Maybe I could. I don't
know. I used to run a lot more ads. I
don't really run ads for any reason.
It's not important. So amazing. Someone
with 40k viewers make $700 on Twitch a
day. Why what should small streamers do
about that? Well, the reason why I don't
make that much money is because I don't
have to. The fact is that, and this is
going to sound crazy, but I made this
much money on Twitch even whenever I had
I made more money than this whenever I
had like 10,000 viewers back in the day
because I emphasized subs, we had sub
goals, sub badges, we were doing like
running, we had ad revenue, you know,
Twitch Prime, etc. But like I I don't
need to do that anymore, so I just don't
do it anymore, right? It's really just
that simple. So yeah, and uh see
Charlie's done with the ad stuff, too.
Walking in your footsteps. Yeah, it's
just it it's unnecessary. It's annoying.
Nobody likes seeing it. And so I turned
it off, right? And you can see I was
making a lot of money from Turbo for a
while and then they basically just cut
it in half, right? So they took
basically like $20,000 I was making and
they were like, "Well, we're not you're
not getting that anymore, you you little
[ __ ] You little you little [ __ ]
You're not getting that."
And so small streamers begging for subs.
What's your max in a day? A lot. I mean,
probably a lot. I I I don't know what my
max in a day is. I have no idea. And uh
yeah, that's it. I mean, in case those
ads are crazy. Yeah. Yeah. No, a lot of
people make money with ads on Twitch. I
mean, the thing is that you reach a
point where having more money would make
you more happy. I mean, that I reached
that point like [ __ ] five years ago.
I'm going to be honest. Probably seven
years ago. But, uh, yeah, that's it. Are
sponsored streams big money? Oh, the
amount of money that I It Listen, guys.
Don't worry about it. Okay. Yeah.
$45,000 in a day. That's how much a lot
of people make in a year. I I mean, I
I'll be honest, right? I mean, I I could
go back and see this. People are have
the craziest urge to donate massive
amounts of money. That's one of the
reasons why I turned off donations. I
just thought it was weird. I mean, like,
if people want to gift subs or
something, that's I guess it's okay. But
I'm in a Black Mirror episode and I hate
it. I think that really like a lot of
streamers, a lot of you like LSF posters
and people get really mad about this is
that I can't even afford to eat
properly. Like you can go and find some
random Only Fans girl that is like 19
that's made a million dollars because
she's posted pictures of herself on the
internet. Like the reality is that
you're always gonna have people that are
that you know in one way or another have
it easier than you do in life. But you
know that's just always how it is.
That's that's that's always what's going
to happen. And here's what's funny about
it is there are guys that make
that same level of magnitude more money
than I do,
you know, like that that that's that's
the truth, right? They make way more
money than I do and or or XQC does even,
right? I mean, they make a lot of money
and so and and they're not streamers.
Some of them you don't even know who the
[ __ ] their name is, right? Like you see
somebody like Bobby Kodic is a good
example, right? I mean, look at this
guy. This guy gets a severance package.
Just his severance package alone is $200
million.
Like that's it. Like it just just that
like these and these are guys like any
celebrity or somebody like that that you
think is is really rich. No, bro. Like
if you look at the guys that are running
a lot of these companies and like the
amount of money and like [ __ ] equity
and power they have, it's like the NBA
players are like homeless people next to
this.
It's like nothing. It's insane, bro.
Like Yeah. Like the these guys like they
make decisions for like billions of
dollars. It's not even Yeah. It's an
insane money. Yeah. These people don't
play on the teams.
They own the the holding company that
owns the team. They don't even own the
team. They own the holding company that
owns the team. Yeah. It's a totally
different situation. So, uh I don't ever
like and and I've dealt with people like
that before. And honestly, a lot of
them, this is what I found to be very
interesting. A lot of the most affluent
people that I've ever met and dealt with
are completely normal.
They're completely normal. They're not
massive ego. Like, yeah, they're
confident. They say, "Yeah, I did this.
Yeah, how about this?" Right? But
they're totally [ __ ] normal. The main
people that I think are the most
insufferable are the ones that are above
average. Those are the ones that are
very annoying.
That's really the ones.
And uh own the team. Someone owns the
NBA itself. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe. Right.
And uh anyway, I will watch the uh Yeah,
I will watch the Charlie video. I didn't
get I didn't get around to this
yesterday. I think it uh it would be
good to see, but uh people with
fixations maybe. Yeah, I guess so. I was
made tons of money now. He's broke as
hell. Yeah, you can lose it as fast as
you make it. No, you can lose it as fast
as you make it if you are bad with
money. There's a lot of people that are
very bad with money. So, yeah, it's that
simple. After a certain wealth, people
want to keep it low-key. Yeah, of
course. Like, that's the way I am. Like
I don't want people to know that I have
a lot of money. Like I don't want people
to recognize that I have an expensive
car. Like because in doing so again like
this is think ask yourself this
question. I don't have this much money
but if you had $200 million
would you want to go around broadcasting
that everywhere you went?
No.
No,
no, you don't. And and so that's really
what it comes down to, right?