Hello, Adam Basiljette here, founder of
Scratcholf Academy. Today, how to
control your golf swing. Let me just say
at the outset, I went down a pathway in
my late teens, early 20s of trying to
really get control and manage every
position. Didn't result in much control
over the swing. Wasn't such a good
thing. So, I'm going to give you a few
simple principles that if you'll
practice these and get the right
concepts, you will then have control of
your golf swing.
So, the first area I see people struggle
in terms of control over their golf
swing is the plane or the way the club
swing, the angle it's swinging on. And
it's important. The golf club has a
certain design to it. Plus, it's got to
find the ball at the bottom. So, if you
get it way out of balance, you have to
do something to recover. And once that
club starts to wobble around and change
planes, pretty difficult for most people
to have much consistency. There's been
exceptions. Nancy Lopez, one of the
all-time greats, took it back like that,
but not recommended for most people.
Quick look at me. Slow motion, then
we'll start tackling it. So, let's have
a look here. There we go. Nice takeaway.
Club comes back slightly to the inside,
roughly in line with the hands. But just
watch if I strobe that back and forth,
how consistent that looks. And then
we'll get into our down swing. There's a
fractional change of plane, but very
little. Much easier to find the golf
ball when you do that.
Okay. If you're going to keep it
consistent, don't over control it. You
need to create centrifugal force. My old
boss, David Lebett, used to put a weight
or a golf ball on a string, get that
thing moving. And as long as his wrist
did that, it was a nice orbit when he
wobbled it around. Wasn't such a good
orbit. So, we're going to give you a
drill from here in just a second,
hitting the ball. But the premise is
just grab the club if you like more or
less in your fingers. There's no palm
touching down at the bottom of the
handle. With a little movement in your
core, start to create just a modest size
swing back and forth. I feel the energy
in the club. Now, I can feel how clean
and consistent that circle is. Now, this
isn't about grip or posture this video.
It's not really about pivot, but your
pivots's the core. Just as David holding
the string, the pivots, the genesis, I
should say, not the core. You need to
feel that. Let's not get into it too
much, but it's not a big turn, not all
this. It's a tight engagement here.
Picture throwing a rock. And if you can
start to create some movement in here,
that translates to creating centrifugal
force. You're getting it. Let's have a
look from there. So, let's start with
just that one hand drill. If you're an
opposite player, in other words, if
you're a left-hander playing
right-handed, etc., try it with the with
the hand that's your dominant hand. But,
let's go with this one. This is more
common. Again, we'll just start to get
some movement. I don't feel like I'm
overmanaging the club, and I can feel it
really start to take its orbit. Now,
we'll try it with two hands. Then we'll
do our drill here. Again, I feel
engaged. I feel this is the origin, but
it's creating exponential movement and
energy out in the golf club there. Now,
let's try a shot. And here's how I would
do this drill. We'll start on a small
scale. We get it on a T. Makes it a
little bit easier. I'm going to go just
above the ball. Make a few back and
forth till I really feel this.
Then just tap one off the tea. Then you
can do it a little bigger, etc. But let
let's have a question here. We're
talking about centrifugal force and
similarity. Is that true throughout the
swing? Is that true over here? To some
extent, yes. But there's a big exception
to that. Let's have a look. Tiger Woods
on the left, Adam Scott on the right.
So, we've showed you from the down the
line view, looking at that view. The
plane is very consistent. The circle the
club's making should be pretty
consistent. Anyway, let's have a look
here at Tiger, though. There's his
address. There's his impact. They don't
look at all similar. He needs to apply
pressure to the golf ball. Picture a
baseball player hitting obviously be up
more by the chest. That's the sort of a
look. So what are the components we see
in that? Well, if we look at Adam Scott
here, let's say his hips would be and
that if you like is you could say the
center of his body is in a pretty stable
position going back. The club goes back
around him. Coming down his head's
pretty still. He's not moving his head
way forward, but he's driving the weight
forward and he's narrowing the arc. Look
how close to those tall trees the club
is there. how much narrower it is there.
And he's driving in there to hit the
ball before the ground and apply
pressure to the ball. So, it isn't a
complete mirror image coming through in
terms of the things we see with the body
motion and the shaft lane there. Hope
you'll consider checking the link below
this video. It's for the Scratcholf
Academy free app. Tempo trainer with
video on there. Putting tempo trainer
with video stuff about distance control.
Also a green reading trainer with a
video. All free. Hope you'll pick it up
or check it out. Thanks.
Okay, we'll tackle this pressure against
the ball, this impact in just a moment
from here. But one quick word of
caution. Most people, let's say
one-handed, they're going back and
forth, especially if there's no ball.
They can more or less stay in their
orbit. But once they're really going at
it in earnest to some extent at a
subconscious level, there's such an urge
to hit the ball, they tend to go out of
the orbit coming down, apply too much
pressure. You saw how the pros use their
lower body first. They thrust too much.
Club gets out of orbit. So, be aware
when you do these drills. Am I able?
We'll do a small one. To just let the
club stay in orbit with no sense of
attacking the ball on the way down.
Let's have a look from here. So, a quick
reference here before we get into
working on it. That's an alignment rod
over the ball. Just tells you where the
ball is. You can see very centered back
swing coming down. This would be fairly
typical. I've got an eight iron here for
a short to middle iron. My head is
pretty stable. It's about over that rod
or the ball, but there's enough weight
shift forward that usually you would see
the golf ball as you see the rod there
about in line with that back hip there.
Not the outside of the pant leg, but the
back back hip. Hands of course pass the
ball that way for solid hit. So that's a
pretty good reference if you're in front
of a mirror.
So, there's some sort of a saying, give
or take, that if you can learn from
other people's mistakes and having to
instead of having to make them yourself,
you're a wise person. Well, learn from
some of my mistakes. I told you when I
was young, I was too busy trying to get
everything right and position it too
much. Not relying on motion enough to
build a good golf swing. Another mistake
I made, and these are common because I
give golf lessons. Another mistake is
trying to do everything right every
swing. Just work on one, maybe two
things at most. So, mix and match it
with this. We've shown you this drill
that doesn't have that impact component
so much. Do some shots where you just
allow that to be the whole goal without
really working on the impact. Then at
times maybe put an alignment rod like
you saw with me in slow motion. At times
make some small ones and say, "Okay, a
little bit less attention to that. Now I
want to feel let's do it in movement.
Now I want to feel a bit more of that.
Go create my impact that movement
pattern, etc., etc." Relax.
Get in touch with your own swing. Feel
things for yourself. If you'll work on
these things, I'm telling you, get good
at these things. It takes some practice.
Do some practice at home. Get the used
feel of the orbit of the club. Sense the
impact. You will have a golf swing that
gives you control.
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]