Can you see what I'm trying to emphasize
in this swing?
Watch again. Look closely.
See if you can find out what I'm trying
to emphasize.
If I had one drill, this might be the
drill that I would share with every
single person that I could meet. If you
want to learn how to hit your irons
very, very crisp and your driver, then
this one drill that I'm going to show
you today in this sequence is gonna
change your game. Let's go.
Look at these pictures of these golfers
that we have up on the screen. What do
you see in common for all of them? This
move right here is so crucial and it
actually happens after we make contact
with the ball on the target side of the
swing which almost no one talks about.
Okay, let's learn how to get into this
very powerful position that you see all
the pros doing. This position after
impact. How do you get there? Well,
first what I'd like you to do is just
take your club and point it down range.
Just downrange right here. I'm just
standing up straight. Take your right
arm. And I want you to see if only
moving your arms if you can take if you
can grip the golf club. Ah, there's no
way that I can get there. No way. So,
what do I have to add is I have to add
turn.
Okay, let me do that again here.
Nothing.
I have to add turn. Okay, so that's
often the missing piece. Many times
golfers will come to me and they'll
swing and their swing will look
something like this.
Okay, you see that follow through?
Okay, just all the angles. No good.
They'll hit it thin. They'll hit it fat.
They hit all over. So, how do we get
into this position here every single
time?
First, we're going to concentrate on one
thing called shaking hands with the
target. Okay? We want to be really good
friends with the target. All right? So,
what we're going to do is we are going
to shake hands with our target. If
you're a right-handed golfer, just going
to reach your right hand right down
range. Shake hands. Okay, that's the
first thing. So, our club is here. Shake
hands. This is also going to help our
release, which we'll talk about in
another video. We want to push our club
as far away from our body as possible.
Club goes out, reach as far away to the
target as you possibly can down range.
All right. Now, some of you may not have
ever been in that position. And so, you
might have to stretch the shoulders a
little bit, but that's really, really
important to feel that stretch and to
feel all the way down range just like
this. So, just do that a couple times.
Get that feel here. Notice as I'm in
this position, what am I doing? My chest
is back. My head is back.
My torso, my legs, everything is facing
down range. I've got my right knee in.
I've got my weight to the left. I've
rotated both lower and upper body. It's
a really good feel, really good position
right there. So, that position,
boom, is money. Okay, so once we do
that, I just mentioned that everything
is behind the ball. Okay,
I want to hit a few shots now. And the
one thing I'm going to concentrate on is
as I hold my club down the range like
this,
as I reach out, that's the same feeling
that I want in this swing. I'm just
going to start with a couple half
swings. By the way, if you can if you
have a club somewhere, if you can grab
it and and follow along with me, this
will be a great practice session
together. She's got a little nine iron
here. And I'm just going to turn about
halfway
back and through. Now, I want you to
notice something about this position
right here.
My weight is still forward. Everything
is rotating. My chest is pointing to the
target and my head is still back. That
is the key. Okay. So to rotate and leave
our head going forward is not going to
be good because what that's going to do
is produce a a slide. So we're probably
going to slide our hips. If you think
about it, I'm going to slide. Okay? Or
what happens if I go to turn and my head
goes with it. Then I end up casting over
the top this way and that's no good. And
we get into this little bunched up
feeling like this little chicken wing.
Okay? So, none of those lead to good
shots. We want to extend all the way
down range with our head behind the
ball. All right. So, this time I'm going
to emphasize my head being behind the
ball and reaching out and shaking hands
with the target for as as long. I'm just
going to hold it there. And I'm really
going to try to emphasize getting the
head back. Okay. So, let's hit that a
couple times.
Okay, so I've really exaggerated that
right there, guys. I only have one
camera set up right now, but I wish you
could see me. I am hitting that ball
just as pure, just as far as I would
taking just my normal full swing. It
really is a great great drill. The very
best probably that I that I see. Okay,
so I'm give you one more time. One more
shot at this.
Go back.
Boom.
And that feels like that is just getting
my swing just the sequence just right.
So go to that point. Do a few reps,
maybe 10 reps of just this feel.
Literally just this.
And really focus on keeping your head
back, your turn to the target. Then hit
a few half swings like I was just doing,
just focusing on extending towards the
target. Okay. All right. So, the next
sequence after that is to really it's
just what I was doing, but it's just to
feel that this triangle right here, I
want you to feel like there are ropes
tied around your forearms. Okay? And as
you swing back, the ropes keep the
forearms together. So, this triangle
essentially stays the same. All right.
And then you're going to do the same
thing and just turn. Now, it's not going
to be this abrupt um in the uh in the
back swing. There's probably going to be
some some wrist hinge a little bit
earlier, but for the purposes of this
drill, we're just going to go to here,
about right there. And my momentum might
take me up just a little bit from there,
but we're just going to go here, holding
all of our angles right here.
And then keep that triangle all the way
through. Okay.
So, here we go.
Okay. In the golf swing, we are bent
over. We don't play golf standing up
like this, right? That's just to get a
feel. So,
if you want to get into your golf
posture, bent over, do the same thing.
One of the things that you'll notice is
that creates a natural side bend. See
this side bend here? That means looking
down the line
here over the golf ball, I've got a
natural side bend. All right? And so
that side bend is really, really
important. A lot of people lose the side
bend because their head comes with it.
they end up coming over the top and
their inclination to the ball is almost
straight up and down when they get to
it. So, you want that side bend and
that's going to be important for so many
things, but we're not going to
concentrate on the side bend necessarily
in order to get the side bend. See, when
we're over the ball, we're bent this way
slightly and slightly in like this. It's
kind of a almost like you're going over
your right leg. side bend is not this.
We don't want that going on. We don't
want that going on. It's a combination
of the two here. Okay. But I find in
teaching side bends, it actually gets
challenging for a lot of students. And
so this is how I teach sidebend. I just
say keep your shoulder
down underneath your chin at impact.
This is what how I want you to feel at
impact. Okay? So, it's going to be here
underneath the shoulder, and that will
allow you to keep your head back and
extend toward the target for as long as
possible. I'm going to hit some full
shots, and they're not going to be
necessarily hard, but make really good
contact just by thinking extend to the
target, keep my shoulder down and my
head back, my whole body back. Okay, so
that's what I'm going to do for this
next progression.
And I'm just going to really feel the
extension here.
All right. So, I almost I hit that
really well, but I almost lost balance
because I was trying so hard on on
getting down and getting my shoulder
underneath the ball. Let me try that one
more time.
That's a better swing there. I was able
to rotate through that.
Okay. So, that feeling right here of
getting that shoulder down is really
important. Lastly, you've heard of early
extension before. Okay? Early extension
is not good. But you notice the title
early. It's early extension. We have to
extend in the golf swing. We have to
extend. We used to want to extend early.
If we stay down in our posture, this is
how we're going to look. Okay. Once we
make contact with the ball from here,
it's that extension
that gets us through the ball and able
to rise up into our finish, keeping our
head back. All right. So, the shoulder
will go will work underneath
the chin, but you need extension. So,
I'm going to truly try extension on this
one after I make contact with the ball,
not before. All right.
I'm really trying to extend all the way
up.
Let me try that one more time. Make an
extension at the end of the swing.
Those
feel so good, everyone. I'm telling you,
this drill is so good. All right,
everyone. I've been teaching for a long
time, but I just recently joined this
YouTube platform. I pushed it off for as
long as possible, but I'm on here now
and I want to deliver content and I
honestly just want to help. I really
want to help golfers. It brings joy to
my life. I teach hundreds and hundreds
of golfers. I have classes, individual
students. So, please like the the video,
please subscribe and and leave comments
in the chats. Let's have a conversation.
And my email is down below. So, if
you're ever interested in working with
me, you can contact me through my email.
Until next time, friends. Have a great
one. Egg and easy.