I'm the kind of golfer who is really,
really happy to break 80. And sometimes,
I'm being honest, it gets close to 90.
But with that being said, I still go
every single time I play golf and use
these Prov1s. Part of me just thinks I
have to use a Prov1. They're the best
ball in golf. But I lose a lot of them
on the golf course. And these now cost
£50 a dozen. So, in this video, I've got
three other golf balls I've bought off
the internet that I think, you know
what, they're a bit cheaper than Pro V1,
but are they actually any worse? In this
video, we'll find out. So, I got thing
of this video idea because, as I said,
I'm trying to break 80. And the reason
I'm not, if honest with you, is cuz I'm
losing golf balls left, right, and
center off the tea. So, if I'm going to
lose golf balls, why do I want to lose
those, which again, very, very
expensive. So, the golf balls I've
bought off the internet are these. Some
you'll be thinking, "Yeah, I see why
I've chose those." So, all there's a
little bit more Rogue, but the first
ones I got were these Titleist True
Feel. Now, these golf balls are a lot
cheaper than Pro1. They're actually half
the price. These cost $24.99 dozen. And
I'll be honest, not a golf ball I've
tried before or maybe gone towards, but
again, it's tight list. Let's see what
they're like. The second golf ball I've
gone with, a lot of you guys watching
recommend these all the time, are
Bridgestone. Going the Bridgestone TourB
RX. Again, golf ball. a lot of um a lot
of kind of niche fans, a lot of people
hardcore Bridgestone fans, so going to
try those out. They cost me £29.99, so a
little bit dear in the tight list, but
again, 20 cheaper than Prov1. And the
last golf ball is this. This is a very
rogue shout. Mazuno
Tour RB. The reason I've gone with
Mizuno is because I have never ever in
my 27 or so years of playing golf, never
ever tried a Mizuno golf ball. They make
great irons. This golf ball again,
$24.99, so half the price for Prov V1.
What is it going to be like? Okay, so
before getting to hitting some full
shots, these golf balls, I have already
been to the Maritworthy Park and done
some initial testing. Done some putting,
some chipping, and also a durability
test, which we'll come on to a bit later
on. But first of all, I got on the 18th
green and gave myself about 10 15t put
and initially hit some with the Pro V1,
the golf ball I kind of know and love
and always use. And you know what? It
felt great. Of course it did. It's a Pro
V1. And after that, I went to the True
Field, a Titleless True Feel golf ball,
the first thing I noted is how much
softer it felt on those putts. It
actually felt great. And if I had a
blindfold on or didn't know what I was
hitting, I would say that True Feel golf
ball was actually more expensive. It
felt awesome. I then went into the
Mazuno golf ball, which again I've never
ever used before. Rolled a few putts
with it. A little bit clickier, a little
bit firmer. Didn't quite feel as nice
the two tightest golf balls, but you
know what? It felt okay. And last up was
the Bridgestone golf ball. So again, few
puts, some of them went in, some of them
miss, which is normal for my golf, but
overall felt great. Again, a little bit
clickier. Definitely the Mazuno and the
Bridgestone a little bit firmer to feel
those putts. And certainly three golf
balls that I could definitely use a putt
with. So, so far I'm thinking to myself,
these cheaper golf balls are actually
pretty [music] impressive. Let's go into
the chipping green. Cuz for me, although
I lose a lot of golf balls off the tea,
that's definitely the worst part of my
game. The best part of my game is my
short game I would say my chipping and
my pitching. So again on the chipping
green got the proby ones first. Hit a
few chip shots. Everything went well.
They felt soft. They felt great. They
had a little bit of check, a little bit
of control. Big tick for the prov one.
Of course there would be. Then very
interestingly was a Titless True Field
golf ball. Off the face with those
little kind of 58 degree wedge pitch
shots. Again, lovely. Very, very soft.
However, what was really interesting,
and you have to trust me on this cuz
it's very hard to see on video. It was
going higher. [music] Like I don't know
how high, but it was definitely going a
couple of feet higher in the air on
those little pitch shots, which I think
sometimes softer golf balls do, but it
was definitely going higher, but felt
great. Stopped quickly. And so far,
again, I'm thinking to myself, why is
this golf ball half the price of a prov
one into the Mazuno and the Bridgestone?
Both nice golf balls, but again, like
was a putter, a little bit clicky, a
little bit firmer, but they did stop.
They checked up quickly. Some of them
went quite close to the hole. No
complaints there. So, at this point in
the test now, I'm thinking I've been to
the putting green. I've been to the
short game area. Those are two places
where I want a golf ball to feel nice.
Huge big tick for the true feel golf
ball. But now comes probably the bigger
test really. I've got my pitching wedge,
my seven iron, and I'm a mini driver.
These are golf clubs where you're going
to see changes in ball speed, in spin,
and again in feel. And if these golf
balls work with these golf clubs, I've
got a massive question to ask myself and
maybe you guys watching. Why am I paying
top top dollar for balls at the Prov1
when these cheaper models that are half
the price work just as well? So, first
off, I'm going to hit my pitching wedge
in the Prov1. I won't bore with loads of
shots. I want for my own sanity really.
Get some data, get some feel, see how
they're going. And again, those golf
balls I chose, I literally just chose
pretty much at random. I know titless,
so pick the tightest golf ball. Again,
you guys rave about Bridgestone, picked
the Bridgestone Mizuno golf ball I've
never ever tried. So, again, let's see
how they go with the longer clubs. But
first up, pitch and wedge provoping for
140 yards to carry.
That's what you get the Pro V1. It just
stops nicely. Decent shot for me. Again,
I'm clearly not an amazing golfer. So,
for a picture hitting the green, that's
what I want. 135 yardsish that carried.
Decent shot to start with.
Happy with that. And again, the Pro V1
felt exactly how I'd expect it to. soft,
stopped quickly, nice launch, all the
kind of things you'd expect. Now, we've
got the Titless True feel, and it sounds
weird, but you might know what I mean.
In hand, next to a Pro V1, it does feel
different. It does feel kind of cheaper
and not quite as premium, but that's
just a feel in your hand. Does that
really matter? I don't think it does.
Let's see how it performs with a a wedge
in hand.
Bit short, but right in the line.
Now, that was a bad swing, but that was
on me. Still hit the green, but not my
best golf shot ever.
What will be interesting to see, as I
said on chip shots before, that golf
ball honestly went higher than the Pro
V1. When we look at the data in a
moment, we'll see if the pitching wedge
full shots do or not. It's hard to tell
obviously on those shots, but so far so
good. And what's crazy, what I'm
thinking about constantly when I'm
hitting these shots is if someone said
to me in the street, you know, who
should use Titus True Field Golf Ball,
I'm going to say, "Oh, you know, a high
handicapper maybe." I'm already doubting
myself why. Like, are we just
brainwashed by the brands by Titus 2? Is
a brand that I really respect and I've
used kind of all my life. But are we
brainwashed that you should use the
Prov1? You know, good golfers or mid-
handicap golfers get the Prov1. It's the
premium ball. It's £50 a dozen. So far,
I'm thinking, what is the difference?
Hm. Interesting. So, the Mazuno golf
ball is the same price that is true
feel, but in hand, again, I know it's a
weird thing to say, in hand, it does
feel a bit more premium. It looks really
good. The kind of Muno logo on the front
of it, the number four on this golf
ball, the RV tour on the side, a little
small alignment line. Interesting to see
what happens here. I've never ever hit a
full shot with the Muno golf ball. And
that changes right now. Can I hold one?
That would be impressive to start with.
Wasn't
a great swing,
but it should get there. It has just
This is going to be where I jinx myself,
but so far I've not missed the green.
Now, I know it's 140 yards. I shouldn't
miss the green, but still it's going
well.
Another nice one. Feels great off the
face. Honestly, if I was blindfolded
there, it' be hard to hit a golf shot
blindfolded. If I was, I don't think I'd
know much difference between the three,
honestly. Certainly, just watching the
results, it's hard to really tell any
difference, but so far so good. Okay, so
last up with the pitching wedge is the
Bridgestone golf ball. I never like the
names. I think Rick's probably said in
his reviews before, it's quite
confusing, but it's a Bridgestone TourB
RX golf ball. This is the dearest of the
three at £29.99, so 30 dozen in hand.
Again, looks super premium. Before in
the putting in chipping, it was good. A
little bit clicky again, but nothing
that concerned me. I think that in the
longer in the long club 79 the driver
that one might go a little bit longer
than maybe the tightest true field golf
ball. We'll find out in a minute. Hit
the wedge so well so far. So, let's see
if we can continue that.
That felt different. That's gone high.
That felt different. This golf ball in
the pack does say it's for club head
speeds of 105 mph or less. With my
driver, I'm about 110. So maybe a little
bit fast for this golf ball, but I'm not
playing loads of golf at the minute, so
it probably will fit me. Okay, but I
know Bridgestone are big on their ball
fitting. Do lots of different golf balls
for different club head speeds.
Feels hip. You know you've hit it. I do
like that. That's close. Oh,
it hit the pin.
I've never ever seen that before.
Okay, so that's a good few shots of each
of the golf balls. What I'm going to do
now is quickly go through the data with
the pitch wedge of those four golf
balls. Then we'll go into 7 I really
quick hit loads in 7 and then it's the
big one. It's the mini driver, which is
what I use as my driver at the minute.
But let's have a look now at that data.
So far that data has blown my mind. The
carry distance is 137 with the Prov1,
136 the True Field, so a yard less, 134
with the Mazuno, and then 138 with the
Bridgestone. So, not loads in it to be
honest with you, but the Bridgestone's
gone the furthest on carry, but hardly
anything in it whatsoever. Ball speed
was low on the Mizuno golf ball and
distance was low. So, probably the worst
performing so far. But what really
stands out between the Prov1, the True
Field, and the Bridgestone, all of them
had a ball speed of 106. They all
carried relatively similar distances,
but the big thing was spin. The
Bridgestone launched really high, which
I thought it was, but spam the least.
Probably why it went the furthest, but
the Prov1 and the True Feel had pretty
much the exact same spin. So, so far up
to this point, I've got two Titless golf
balls, again, one at 50 for a dozen, one
at £25 a dozen. And so far to this
point, there's nothing that really makes
any difference in one or the other. I'm
a bit of a golf snob. I am. I want to
use Prov1's every time I play golf. But
so far, I'm questioning myself as to why
that is, cuz this data [music] and the
feel, you can't split them. Okay, so now
it's a 7. And don't worry, I'm not going
to talk loads. Going to get through
these shots really quickly. Same order.
Got the pin at 170. Going to go provo
Bridgestone. Report back with the
findings in two seconds.
After that shot, that went 181 carry. I
don't know where that strength came
from. So, we've moved the pin back now
to 180.
Okay, now it's time for the true feel.
I don't know what's happened, but this
true feel is going absolutely miles.
Those couple of shots weren't hit
necessarily [music] great. They were
just hit nice. They've gone miles.
Next up, Mazuno. [music]
Okay. And Bridgy.
Okay. I'm very intrigued now to see that
79 data cuz it felt like the other three
golf balls went further than the Prov1.
But let's look at the data first. Right.
Okay. You might have to bear with me a
second here cuz I'm struggling to
believe what I'm seeing. I need to check
what I'm reading is correct. I hit all
those golf shots of every ball decent
like okay. Nothing absolutely
spectacular and thankfully nothing
horrendous. The Prov1 carried at 179.
Let's call it 180 for round figures for
my 79. I've got a new 7i and that's
roughly what I expect. So, no problems
with that at all. Ball speed of [music]
125 and spin at 57. Bit low, but
whatever. The true feel, the tightest
true feel, a little brother to the Pro
V1 was 189 carry, so 10 yards more
carry, 4 mph more ball speed. It was
lower spin, which could be a concern. It
was nearly well less than 5,000 [music]
spin. And then the Mazuno and the
Bridgestone both went out to 183 carry.
Similarish ball speeds of like 125, 127.
Again, slightly lower spin, but again,
launch angle's okay.
I honestly now I'm borderline stuck for
words, which isn't great for a YouTube
video, I know, but I'm looking thinking,
what on earth is this True Field all
about? It feels great. It's going
absolutely miles. It's launching high.
The only way this can end up shifting
now is when I use my mini driver. For
some reason, the True Field doesn't
perform. But before we even get to that,
I've got to talk you through the results
of the durability test cuz I went into
the bunker, Marcy Park, did the famous
Rick Shields test. 10 shots out of a
bunker with every single golf ball. And
here's the results. Okay, so hopefully
the close-ups of these golf balls do
this justice. And I know in reality,
most of us who are looking at maybe
buying these [music] golf balls might
not care too much about durability
because let's be honest, we'll probably
lose the golf ball before it becomes a
concern. [music] but had to test it
anyway. And the Prov1 after 10 bunker
shots in a very wet bunker, got a couple
of little scuffs, but it's fine. And
that's something the Prov1 prides itself
upon its durability. So that's okay.
Again, the truth feel kind of winning
everything so far. Couple little scuffs,
but no better, no worse. The Prov1, it
was fine. And same again for the Mazuno
and the Bridgestone. They're kind of all
just [music] fine. There's no issues at
all. I mean, obviously if you smash off
a boogie path, it might make a bit of a
difference, but for those kind of golf
shots that there's no difference. So,
[music] this is the big test now. This
is the mini driver. It should be with a
proper driver, but my driving is that
bad at the minute, it wouldn't even be a
test cuz it' be going everywhere. Where
was Mini driver I'm a little bit more
confident with. So, I'm going to hit a
number of shots again with each golf
ball, same order. This might be the
biggest revelation of my 20 odd years of
playing golf that the cheaper, tightest
golf ball could be potentially the best
golf ball on the planet and it's been
under my nose all this time. Let's find
out. Okay. So, as I said, I know it's a
bit controversial. It looks a bit weird.
Mini driver off the floor, but it's it
just works for me at the minute. So,
it's what I'm doing. It's kind of what I
do on most TE's. So, let's see how it
performs the Pro V1.
And it was nuked. That's why I do it. I
know it's weird. People might hate it,
but it gets me somewhat down the
fairway.
It's a great [music] first shot.
That was a nice shot.
Hopefully that's a quite a decent batch.
There's two kind of good ones. One
right, one left. And that's what I do
see. If I can hit this well, even off
the floor, that's gone out to 294 total
distance. So, that's promising. Okay, so
that was a decent first batch of Pro
View ones. What I want to do now,
honestly, try and concentrate and hit
some good shots these last few. I want
to do this as fair test I possibly can.
So, we're going to hit the True Field,
then the Mizuno, then the Bridgestone,
and we'll look at this data and see
which ball comes out on top.
Okay, so that's been a really
interesting test for me today. Like
really, I've I've played the Proby one
for so long. It's just a go-to golf
ball. Never give these other balls a
chance. And this has proved to me today,
maybe you watching at home, that you
should. Overall, they've all been good
golf balls. And with that test, my last
test with Mini Driver, again, more
interesting results. The Bridgestone
performed really nicely. And again, no
wonder so many of you guys watching
recommend the Bridgestone. It was
carrying at 266, which is the longest,
going out to 286. So, the Bridgestone
won on that test, if you like, on the
distance with the driver. What was then
really interesting, the Mazuno, the
Tactus True Field and the Prov1 were all
essentially exactly the same in terms of
carry distance and [music] total
distance. However, were the Pro V1
really start show its teeth if you like,
[music] its ball speed was the best. So,
I averaged 159 ball speed with the Pro
V1 versus 155 with the True Field and
158 with the Mizuno RB Tour. I'm not too
[music] surprised. Those softer golf
balls like a True Field don't always get
the same ball speeds. [music] I notice
that more with longer clubs or faster
club head speeds. So, silly example, but
I'm sure if Rory or a player like that
or Scottish Sheffller was using a Prov1
and then a True Field, they'd see a
bigger discrepancy than maybe I would
see or you guys watching. But overall,
the True Feel there has really impressed
me. Had low spin, high launch, good
distance. Overall, very impressive golf
ball. They all were impressive golf
balls. The prov should be it cost £50 a
dozen. I know I keep repeating that but
I had to emphasize that point. £50 a
dozen and people like me lose them
willy-nilly left, right, and center
literally. However, true feel for maybe
winter golf or for those of you who
don't want to spend a fortune or you
know, I don't know, you don't want to
spend £50 and lose your golf balls. What
an amazing golf ball that was. And third
play to Mizuno. Never tried your golf
ball before. Strong Bridgestone as
expected. Very good. If you like the
video though, guys, you want to see more
of a kind of average tester reviewing
golf clubs and golf balls, please hit
subscribe, like this video, maybe leave
a comment down below, and we'll see you
next time.