The other thing I I came to learn as I
got money and I it was almost like
someone pulled the curtain back for me
is how wealthy individuals
play the tax game.
>> Oh my gosh.
>> And it's a tax game that the average
person has no idea is going on. Got to
talk about money. Tax avoidance is a key
skill to building wealth. And by the
way, we don't talk about I I speak
openly about my I won't call it tax
avoidance, but my tax strategies. If
you're, you know, it's like they said,
if you're a prisoner of war, you have an
obligation to escape. If you're trying
to build wealth, you have an obligation
to pay as little tax as possible. Do it
legally, but Apple will issue their IP
to Apple International in Ireland. And
then they will use Apple Ireland. They
will license their IP to America, charge
them tens of billions of dollars,
thereby increasing the income of Apple
Ireland at a lower tax rate and
decreasing the income in the US, thereby
lowering their overall tax rate. That is
pure tax avoidance.
Every organization, every corporation
does this to the hilt and so should you.
By the way, I will vote for people who
have an alternative minimum tax. We have
to raise taxes on corporations. The 25
wealthiest Americans pay between six and
8% tax rate.
>> What are the tax games they're playing?
>> Oh, this the rich people.
>> There's a bunch of them. First and
foremost, it's you buy stocks. You never
sell them. You borrow against them.
>> Okay. Explain that to me like I'm a
10-year-old. So,
>> sure. You own $100 in Amazon stock. You
need money to buy something instead of
selling the stock and it say it's gone
up 50%. I say it's doubled. you would
have to realize a capital gain and pay
long-term capital gains on that $50
gain. No, just borrow against it and let
the stock continue to grow and you pay a
little bit of interest hopefully from
your current income, but basically it's
invest, borrow against it and die, put
it into a a trust and then pass it on to
your kids. There's a lot of um state
arbitrage. Jeff Bezos just moved to
Florida to spend more time with dad.
Isn't that sweet, Stephen? Isn't that
nice? No, it has nothing to do with his
father. Give me a [ __ ] break. He
aggregated $ 160 billion dollars in
wealth. He would pay about another eight
or 10 percent in state taxes in
Washington because he's got to leverage
the public school system, the University
of Washington, the Seattle Tacoma
airport, the hospital system. But in the
US, you're allowed to peace out to Texas
or Florida and pay no income tax. So all
the people [ __ ] posting California or
New York, show me someone who's all of a
sudden can't handle San Francisco
politics. I'm gonna show you someone who
needs to recognize a capital gain and
has all of a sudden decided they like
Texas politics. It's really not very
it's very disingenuous. There's uh the
tax loophole I've leveraged in the US.
There's something called 122 or
qualified small business. So when I
started L2,
>> what's L2?
>> L2 is my analytics company. I started
it. I invested a small amount of money.
Um uh because it was a business worth
less than 50 million. Your business
would qualify in the US as QSB small
business. If you hold on to that stock
in that company for longer than five
years, when you sell it, the first 10
million or 10 times the basis are
taxfree. So the first 10 million out of
L2 was tax-free. Zero. That makes no
sense. If that sounds like we're
screwing the middle class, trust your
instincts. I invested in a company,
brought a company out of bankruptcy. I
invested two and a half million.
The first 25 million got very lucky. The
company got sold for a lot of money. The
first 25 million were taxfree. These are
the tax code has gone from 400 pages to
4,000. And that extra 3600 pages are to
turn rich people into super rich people.
Now, the myth around taxes is the
following. That rich people don't pay
their taxes. Actually,
the sort of rich pay a disproportionate
amount of taxes. So if you make all of
your money from current income, that is
salary, and you make a lot, you're
actually paying more taxes than anyone.
So mom's a baller. She's a partner in a
prestigious law firm making a million
bucks a year. Dad's a chiropractor, has
three people working for him. He makes
600 $1.6 million a year. Total ballers.
In order to make that kind of money,
they probably have to live in a urban
center in a blue state where at that
level they're paying 45 48 sometimes 52%
tax rates. But if dad decides to raise
capital and buy a bunch of chiropractic
clinics and they become investments and
he sells them for $50 million, his tax
rate plummets. So you don't want to be a
super earnner. You want to earn enough
money to invest so you can become a
super owner. The top 25 wealthiest
Americans pay about 8% in tax, right?
So, actually the bottom half pay almost
no tax. They pay a lot of consumption
taxes, but it's the super earners that
get screwed, what I call the workh
horses, but once you make the jump to
lighteed and you own things and you make
your money from buying and selling
assets, your tax rate plummets. The
really sort of actionable thing there
for the average person as well is
probably the the first point where you
said a lot of what rich people do is
they'll buy a stock. So I'll I'll spend
10k on Amazon stock and then I go to a
bank and the bank give me a $5,000 loan
against my Amazon stock taxfree and I
just hold the Amazon stock. Now I've got
5,000 tax free. If the Amazon stock goes
to tw $20,000 in value then I can I can
go to the bank and say it's gone up now.
give me another $5,000 and I just spend
and live off that money. Now, if the
Amazon stock collapses,
>> I'm fine because the loan was against
the stock. So, they'll sell the stock at
a certain point as it's collapsing to
get their money back. Yeah. I mean, you
don't want to get into too much trouble,
but leverage is how smart people go
broke. But the idea is that one of the
great tax schemes in history is that
stocks grow. Think of yourself as a
stock. You you go up in value a million
bucks a year. You're making a million
dollars a year doing a very successful
podcast. Every year, the government in
the UK is going to take 40 cents of
that, 40% of it. If you own a million
dollars in stock and it goes to 2
million, you don't get taxed on it till
you sell it.
>> Yeah. So, just never sell it.
>> Never sell it.
>> And that's what Elon's doing with his
companies. People say he's got, you
know, $200 billion, whatever. In fact,
he's borrowing taxfree against those
companies. And then when he finally
needs to sell it to pay off some of
those loans, he moves to Texas despite
the fact he built all his wealth in
California.
>> Smart. I think uh one of the great
advantages of life is um as it relates
to wealth creation is really getting
good tax advice because I've sat here
over and over again with people that
have great tax advice and some people
who didn't have any at all. And the
outcomes are quite frankly um shocking.
The variance in outcomes are quite
frankly shocking from one person going
bankrupt to the other person becoming a
multi-billionaire. And it comes down to
some of it comes down to their tax
strategy and how they thought about tax
and you know being around a lot of
people now that are masters in tax. It
was like
>> yeah I describe it as someone pulled
back a curtain that I never knew was
there and all these people were doing
magic behind this curtain and no one
ever told me that curtain existed
>> and it's called tax. We don't all pay
the same tax
>> because we're not supposed to talk about
it again. Not talking about it is rich
people trying to keep poor people down.
>> Yeah.
>> Because rich people talk about their
taxes all the time. The brightest woman
in my entire professional universe is a
woman named Lucy Lee, who is my tax
Yoda, who works at a big law firm that I
pay 1,800 bucks an hour to to figure out
the smartest. When I set up a company, I
talk to my tax person. When I'm about to
get a big payment from my podcast
distribution company, I talk to my tax
person first. This is it is everything.
But the key when you're young is to
become an owner, not an earner. You're
an earner. You want to bust a move out
of earning and develop an army of
capital that goes out and kills for you
at night. 500 bucks is a lot of money
when you're 21. 500 bucks when you're 21
is 10,000 when you're my age, right? And
it's going to go really fast. So just
start. And then once you become a super
owner, you have 10,000, 50,000, h
100,000, a million dollars in assets,
then then you can become a super tax
avoider.
That sounded awful, didn't it? Sounded
awful. That sounded awful.
Sitting here with your bucket of sand.
Oh my god.
>> That's right. Talking about This is how
we [ __ ] the middle class, Stephen. This
is how we really screw over the little
guy.
If you love the D CEO brand and you
watch this channel, please do me a huge
favor. Become part of the 15% of the
viewers on this channel that have hit
the subscribe button. It helps us
tremendously and the bigger the channel
gets, the bigger the guests.