Hey guys, I have an update on my dad.
I'm actually just going to read this.
It's on my teleprompter
because this is too hard to explain off
the cuff, so I wrote it out. This summer
has been exceedingly difficult.
Dad was in an ICU suffering from
pneumonia and sepsis after dealing with
a host of neurological issues this
summer that we believe stem from SERS
which is chronic inflammatory response
syndrome due to decades of mold
exposure. We don't have a better
explanation for his neurological
symptoms at the moment other than
spiritual attacks.
He's been suffering for the last number
of years with unexplainable neuropathy
and weakness amongst other symptoms. but
they worsened this summer after he
cleaned out his parents' basement after
his dad, my grandpa, passed away.
We weren't able to communicate with dad
really all of September.
During the end of the pneumonia, he was
diagnosed with critical illness
polyuropathy,
which we're hoping is critical illness
myopathy, which is bad enough. That's
been heartbreaking and brutal on top of
everything else. But after almost a
month in the ICU, he's been moved out to
a less urgent floor. Praise God for
that.
We're still in the midst of this, but
now we're seeing improvements daily. The
timeline for his full recovery is hard
to tell at the moment, and I'll update
everyone when we have more information.
My family's asking for prayers. Like I
said, this summer's been exceedingly
difficult and terrifying. Dad's
condition is complicated by the fact he
can't take most medications without
suffering from severe paradoxical
reactions which limits treatment
options.
Like I mentioned, I believe there's a
spiritual element at play here. I think
a lot of people have felt it in the last
few weeks and months. It's been hitting
my dad and my family hard this summer.
In August, the day dad was brought to a
hospital by ambulance, my newborn Audrey
was also brought to a hospital by
ambulance within hours of each other. It
was unbelievable.
This was the second time this summer we
had brought Audrey to the hospital after
she almost died from near heart failure
at 6 weeks old. That is exceedingly rare
and they couldn't find a cause for. She
was diagnosed with idiopathic pulmonary
hypertension which seems to have
resolved. Praise God. But it's not
something that happens. You know, this
was late July after dad and I recorded
some episodes of the call-in show
together.
Everything went just really downhill
fast after that. Every single day this
summer and now fall has been like
watching a movie. Our family is relying
heavily on the Lord through this and
seeing miracles around us. We are. And
I'm also aware that God uses everything
for good. So eventually we'll see why
this is happening or what comes of it.
But mom and I in particular really
wanted to reach out and ask for prayers
to help everyone get through this.
Especially for my dad and for my mom,
but also for the nurses and doctors
taking care of him, my brother and
family and friends who have come to
support us. I miss my dad. My brother
misses his dad. My mom misses her best
friend and husband.
Oh man.
I thought I wasn't going to cry during
this.
Well, he's hopefully recovering and like
I said, I'll keep people updated. He has
a team of people, including myself,
continuing his mission, including
Peterson Academy, and will be releasing
his We Who Wrestle with God tour to
everyone on YouTube, which he's wanted
to do for a long time.
And given we think there's a spiritual
element at play here, we believe the
right way to fight back is to keep going
and push harder if anything. Life isn't
necessarily supposed to get easier when
you're doing the right thing. And I can
see God's hand throughout this, but it's
a lot to handle.
My family agreed or wanted to delay
updating everybody because a lot has
happened over the last few months and we
were hoping he would recover faster and
we would see bigger improvements sooner
and have better news and it was really a
near-death experience
for a long time. So, we've been just
dealing with this one day at a time. We
still are. It's been overwhelming, but
it looks like and we're praying that
things are headed in the right
direction. He's out of the ICU. So,
that's the main thing. He's out of the
ICU. Um, like I said, praise God for
that. Thank you all for listening. Thank
you for the prayers. Thank you to
everybody who's reached out. Um, I'll be
back
on YouTube
maybe in the next month or so, depending
on how things go. Um,
yeah, that's the update. Thanks guys.