What's me guys? It's Graham here. And I
hate to say it, but if you're not
prepared, these next few months are
either going to make or cost you a lot
of money. For instance, not only do we
have an ongoing government shutdown,
global turmoil, and a $37 trillion
financial reset, but after months of
non-stop profits, we have just witnessed
the worst single day stock market point
drop since April selloff and the largest
one-day cryptocurrency liquidation ever
in history. All because one word that
since chills down every investor's
spine, China. That's right. Despite the
news today that everything is fine, rest
assured there's a lot more going on
behind the scenes than most people
realize. So, during a time when stocks
have grown to some of the most expensive
valuations ever on record, let's discuss
exactly what's happening, what this
means for you, the impact this is about
to have on pretty much everything. And
then finally, how you could use this
information to come out ahead. Because
I'm not going to lie, this might be a
very difficult next few months. And the
more you understand about what to expect
and how to profit from it, the better.
Although, before we start, as usual, if
you appreciate the last minute breaking
news videos like this, it would mean the
world to me if you hit the like button
or subscribed if you haven't done that
already. Yes, I do get tired asking for
it, but it does help out tremendously
and is a thank you for doing that.
Here's a picture of a goldfish. So,
thanks so much and also big thank you to
Cook Unity for sponsoring this video,
but more on that later. All right, so in
terms of where to start, let's talk
about China. As I'm sure you're aware,
our relationship with China is a bit
complicated because we rely on China for
lowpriced goods way cheaper than we can
manufacture here. And China relies on us
buying those goods to keep their economy
afloat. But there is a huge problem. We
have what's called a trade deficit with
China. Meaning we buy much more from
them than they buy from us. And that
imbalance is seen by many as a
structural risk to American
manufacturing, economic strength, and
national security. That's why earlier in
the year, Trump enacted global tariffs
in an effort to bring manufacturing back
to the United States. But in response to
this, China retaliated with their own
tariffs. We responded by issuing even
higher tariffs against China. And before
you knew it, we had one of the worst and
most severe stock market drops since the
Great Depression. Now, thankfully, a
temporary agreement was reached. The
market soared back to new all-time
highs, and many people believed the
trade issues were behind us. until
recently. On Thursday, October 9th,
China announced that they would be
implementing export controls on rare
earth minerals, which are commonly used
throughout almost everything that we use
on a daily basis. And wouldn't you know
it, 90% of those rare earth minerals are
all processed in China. Now, in terms of
why they would suddenly restrict access
to these elements, China's ministry says
that rare earth related items have
dual-use properties for both civilian
and military applications. implementing
export controls on them is an
international practice. Although, let's
be real, this is likely a negotiation
tactic after escalating tariff tensions
back in April. It's a chess move
designed to weaken us after we tried to
weaken them after they tried to weaken
us after we tried to weaken them. So, in
response to them weakening us, for
weakening them, for weakening us, on
Friday, Trump announced an additional
100% tariff along with new export
controls on any and all critical
software going into effect November 1st.
But it doesn't stop there. Over the
weekend, in response to the tariff,
China said, "No, wait. This is all just
a big misunderstanding." Trump replied
with, "China's president just had a bad
moment. Everything will be fine." And
now the markets are up like this never
even happened. even though Trump tweeted
100% tariffs are still the plan for
November 1st. That's why at this point
it's very clear that all it takes is one
tweet to destroy the global economy. And
as a result of all the drama, we saw a
pretty bad stock market selloff. Now,
when it comes to the stock market, first
of all, it's important to mention that
up until now, we have seen one of the
strongest six-month rallies ever in
history. And from my perspective, the
market was going up so much to the point
where investors were starting to get
nervous about whether or not these types
of gains were sustainable. For example,
I've said this before, but last week,
search volume for AI bubble had just
broken a new record. Investors believed
that the economy was on borrowed time,
and the billionaire Paul Tudtor Jones
said that this is reminiscent of exactly
what happened right before the 2001.com
crash. On top of that, while all of this
was going on, credit scores were
dropping at the fastest pace since the
Great Recession. Private credit was
drying up. And even anecdotally, I've
started seeing a lot of investors
pulling back on their investments,
keeping some cash on the sidelines and
piling up some dry powder just in the
event we see a market selloff. Even for
myself, I do my best to dollar cost
average into the markets on a regular
basis. And it's been harder and harder
for me to justify some of these recent
valuations. Like just consider that tech
now makes up more of the S&P 500 than
the peak of the 2001.com bubble. The top
10 companies now make up more than 40%
of the entire index. And the Buffett
indicator just recently hit its highest
level ever recorded, implying that this
is one of the most expensive stock
markets according to his data. I say all
of this because from my perspective, no
charts, no data, just my own
observation, the stock market appeared
to be operating on borrowed time, just
waiting for a reason to begin selling
off. And this was the catalyst that
caused people to hit the eject button,
especially when we hadn't seen a 2%
decline in more than 6 months. Although,
in terms of what got hit the hardest, we
got to talk about cryptocurrency.
Believe it or not, in less than 30
minutes, we saw the largest single day
liquidation in history. Bitcoin saw its
first ever $20,000 red candlestick and
leverage traders lost their entire
fortune almost instantly. Why? Well,
besides the obvious reasons of pure
panic selling and alleged large-scale
price manipulation to create a
generational buying opportunity for
those that knew what was going to happen
before it happened, a little known
secret behind a lot of cryptocurrency is
a term called leverage. In this case,
some platforms were offering as much as
a 100x leverage to maximize returns.
Meaning, you would put down a dollar and
be able to control or profit from $100
worth of the underlying investment. Or
to put this more simply, if you invest a
dollar and your investment moves by 1%
up, you've just doubled your money. But
if it moves down by 1%, you're
completely wiped out. I think you get
where I'm going with this. In terms of
why the markets fell so fast and so
severe, it's speculated that a large
part of the market at the top was
propped up by leverage trades. So when
the markets fell, they got liquidated.
They were forced to sell, causing the
price to fall even further, forcing even
more liquidations, causing the markets
to fall even further. And pretty soon, a
lot of people were wiped out completely.
Now, thankfully, despite all of this
occurring within about an hour, Bitcoin
is still trading at the same level that
it was a month ago. Same with the stock
market. We've only really lost about a
month's worth of gains. And yeah, even
the 30 days worth of profit disappearing
in an hour is pretty severe. Not all
hope is lost because there is an
opportunity to profit massively from
what's about to happen. And this is
something you're not going to want to
miss. Although, before we go into that,
I get it. Watching a month's worth of
gains disappear in an hour is tough.
Honestly, moments like this remind me
that when everything gets chaotic, we
shift all of our focus to money and the
markets while forgetting that we make
our best decisions when we're
levelheaded, focused, and take care of
ourselves. Like, let's face it, once
your routine falls apart, everything
else follows. You start skipping meals,
eating unhealthy, feeling drained, and
making bad financial decisions. Not
because the market moved, but because
you weren't feeling your best. That's
why removing just one piece of daily
stress can make a huge difference,
especially now. That's also why I rely
all the time on today's sponsor, Cook
Unity. For those unaware, Cook Unity
delivers restaurant quality prepackaged
meals delivered straight to your door
for an amazing price. I've been able to
eat and try foods like this incredible
grilled Asian hanger steak made by Chef
Stacy Bang and this Peruvian flat iron
steak made by Chef Nelson Brrisella. All
of this tastes like I'm eating food
cooked from a high-end restaurant for a
fraction of the price. Like, when I
broke down the cost of eating each meal,
it was cheaper than what I was spending
at Chipotle for way higher quality. And
I'm not even exaggerating. I have no
idea how they stay in business. But I'm
not questioning it because I really
enjoy their food. Plus, there's no
grocery shopping, no meal prep, no
cleanup, no dishes. Just heat it up and
it's ready in minutes. Not to mention,
their flexibility is amazing. You could
choose between four to 16 meals a week,
pause or cancel at any time, and you
could personalize everything. I
typically go and order the high protein
meals under 600 calories, but there's
truly something for everyone, no matter
what you like. So, if you want to save
time, save money, cut food waste, and
get back into a routine by eating
healthy, I would highly recommend Cook
Unity. Just visit cookity.com/gra
and use the code graham50 at checkout to
get 50% off of your first order. Again,
I have no idea how they actually make
money on that type of discount, but I'm
not questioning it. So, the link is down
below. Thank you so much. And now, let's
get back to the video. All right. Now,
in terms of my own thoughts about what
you could do over these next few weeks
or months, here's my entire philosophy.
First, it's important to recognize that
there's always going to be a reason not
to invest or to be pessimistic about the
future. Like, when I first started
buying real estate in 2011, the overall
market had already fallen by about 50%.
And people were telling me it was a
really bad time to buy a house because
there was shadow inventory that was
going to hit the market and prices were
going to fall even further. Thankfully,
I never listened to them and now those
properties are worth about four times
more than what I paid. The same applies
back in 2017 when I was talking about
investing in the S&P 500. There were
plenty of articles that said at that
time it was overvalued and due for a
crash, but now I'm up about three times
from where I invested back then. The
same thing also happened when I was
investing in 2020 and showing I was
dumping a lot of money into the markets
when things were down in 2022 when I
kept dollar cost averaging in April of
2025 when I mentioned that this is a
good buying opportunity. I'm going in
even further and I'm sure the same is
going to be said about the next drop as
well. The second investing is not a
game. I hate to say it but investing is
boring. It shouldn't be a lot of fun.
And even though I have a great time
investing, that's not normal. It's not
something that should be exciting where
you're posting screenshots of how much
money you've made this week on Twitter.
That's not normal. At a certain point,
you have to remember that if you're
trying to beat the market, you're taking
a risk that you could lose just as much
as you gain. And unfortunately, I just
think the line has gotten way too
blurred between investing and taking
calculated risk and gambling. Now,
third, overconfidence will destroy your
portfolio. Instead, it's really
important to recognize that the less you
know, the better you will often do
because you're not going to over
complicate things. For example, study
after study shows that the best
investors simply buy a broad index fund
and they hold it for 20 years. It's
literally it and very few people do it
because it's boring and they would much
rather try to do something else instead
that could make them way more money. But
trust me, over decades, most people who
take the unnecessary risk will look back
and just wish they had kept it boring
and simple. Fourth, let's face it, an
actual market drop is probably going to
be a lot worse than you expect. Like,
you know, when you see a decline of a
percent and you buy in thinking you're
getting a great deal and then it drops
even further, so you buy in even more
and then it drops even further until
pretty soon you're out of cash and then
it keeps falling even more. Well,
generally the market bottom takes place
at absolute investor capitulation where
they think the market is doomed forever
and it's never coming back. And usually
that's also the best time to buy. Like
keep in mind this was the case back in
April of 2025, 2022, 2020, 2008, and
even 2001, even though I was too young
to remember that one, but I'm sure it
was similar. Anyway, every investor is
going to have their own this time is
different moment where you question
whether or not it's actually a good idea
to stay invested, but usually the longer
you hang on, the better the outcome is
going to be long-term. And you got to be
prepared for that. Plus, what we've seen
so far is barely a drop in the bucket
compared with actual market drops. So,
this is nothing to be worried about.
Next, fifth. Good financial habits
should be practiced in both up and down
markets. Even though it's certainly not
the cool thing to prioritize diligent
savings, boring investing, and living
below your means, in times like this,
that will save you 10 times over. And
that's why I've always prioritized
conservative investing, and frugality,
because nothing will last forever. I
guess I've just seen too many careers
come and go, too many businesses get
wiped out, and too many investors go
belly up to think that that can't happen
to me. And as a result, I tend to be
pretty cautious about what I do. Sure,
that might not always be the most
optimal, and I've certainly made my fair
share of mistakes, but it does help me
sleep at night knowing that even if the
market were to drop, everything will be
okay. Not to mention, six, it was found
that half of the S&P 500's strongest
days in the last 20 years occurred
during a bare market, and another 34% of
the market's best days took place in the
first two months of a bull market before
it was clear a bull market had begun.
This is so important because if you had
just missed out on the top 10 best
trading days over the last 5 years, your
return drops from 15% to 3.75%.
Especially when the best days often come
right after the worst, as we've seen
this year. That's why in terms of my own
thoughts, I tend to think the data is
pretty telling. Like since 1920, the S&P
500 has seen an average of three 5%
drops every single year. And that means
what we've seen so far is barely even
scratching the surface. In fact, since
the 1940s, we've seen almost 50 stock
market corrections of at least 10%,
which works out to one every 20 months
or so. Separate from that, it's also
important to mention that every time you
look at average stock market returns,
you rarely ever get the average. And
usually, it's more common that you
either make or lose a ton of money in a
given year. For instance, a wealth of
common sense blog points out that the
market has only returned between 8 and
12% a year, five times since 1926.
That's it. We're basically seeing an 8
to 12% return is just as likely to
happen as the market going up by 40%. Or
even more absurd is that only 12% of
market returns have been between 5 and
15% in any given year. And it's more
common to see double-digit gains or
losses in a single year than return
close to the long-term average. That's
why it's suggested that when you're
investing, it's best to have a time
frame of decades and not weeks, months,
or even years. And if you're investing,
you better get accustomed to seeing a
lot of losses along the way. Now, in
terms of what's happening today, to me,
it's just white noise. Like, even though
I really enjoy making these videos and
understanding what's going on in the
market and why things are causing the
things that they're causing, it's not
impacting how I'm investing my money.
And even though admittedly I do have
some concerns about the recent stock
market valuations and things just being
high, it's not impacting my investment
philosophy. And you know the saying, the
stock market can remain irrational
longer than you could remain solvent.
That's exactly it here. The market could
continue moving a lot higher before it
eventually falls back down. And I'm not
there to try to time it. Not to mention,
we're still not even halfway through
what would be considered an average bare
market. And even today, the market just
needed to digest some of the information
before moving on. I also really enjoyed
this tweet from the Coobasy letter,
which broke down Trump's negotiation
strategy perfectly. Make cryptic posts,
announce a large tariff near the
weekend. Money begins pouring in to buy
the dip. Over the weekend, the situation
deescalates. Trump then announces a
solution is in the works, and within a
few days, we're completely recovered.
Rinse and repeat. Or if you want
something that's a little more intense,
there's also the $37 trillion debt reset
plan to slowly erase the national debt
with gold and cryptocurrency. So
basically, anything could happen at any
time with no warning whatsoever. That's
why I'm just staying the course. I'm
keeping a little extra cash on the
sidelines just in case we see a drop and
there's a good buying opportunity that
comes up. And I'm hitting the like
button, subscribing, and about to eat
Cook Unity because I got some meals
right now in the refrigerator. I'm
really looking forward to it and I
highly recommend them. Again, their link
is down below in the description.
They're delicious. Like, I'm looking
forward to going and eating them right
now. So, try them out. The deal is too
good to pass up. Thank you so much and
until next