Three decades ago, scientists suspected that 
coffee might be causing cancer. In 1991,
the International Agency for Research on Cancer 
classified coffee as possibly carcinogenic to
humans. That was based on two lines of evidence. 
Animal data, rodents studied in the lab, and also
some human evidence where they take people with 
and without cancer and they look for associations
with lifestyle factors. And in those studies, they 
found no link to breast cancer or colon cancer,
but they found a possible link to bladder cancer. 
So that's what led to that suspicion. The problem
with those studies is people already have cancer 
when you start studying them. So it creates
a number of biases. We call those case control 
studies and they're pretty weak. What you really
want is a prospective study. So prospective means 
looking forward. So you start out with a large
group of people without cancer drinking different 
amounts of coffee and you follow them over 10,
20, 30 years and you see how many people 
develop cancer among the non-drinkers,
the moderate drinkers, the high drinkers, etc. 
And back in 1991, we had little to no prospective
evidence on coffee and cancer. Now, that has 
changed in the meantime. Now we have lots of
those studies. So what have we learned? Overall, 
there's a lower risk of cancer among coffee
drinkers and particularly high coffee drinkers. In 
average, an 18% reduction in all types of cancer
combined. This link is strongest for two types of 
cancer. First, liver cancer. Risk of developing
liver cancer is consistently lower among coffee 
drinkers. We see about a 15% lower risk per daily
cup of coffee and in total about a 50% lower 
risk in high consumers compared to low or
non-consumers. The benefit seems about linear up 
to about five or six cups a day. The more coffee
the lower the risk and after that it gets fuzzier. 
Why? Why would coffee reduce the risk of liver
cancer? Well, coffee seems to be protective for 
a number of conditions like insulin resistance,
inflammation, and liver fat. In fact, coffee seems 
pretty good for liver health in general. Coffee
drinkers have a lower risk of liver fibrosis, 
cirrhosis, and a number of other problems. And the
second type of cancer where this link is pretty 
strong is endometrial cancer. So, the endometrium
is the superficial layer of the uterus. And 
endometrial cancer is consistently seen at
lower levels in coffee drinkers. Similar to what 
we saw with liver, the risk is linear up to about
five or six cups a day. For other common cancers, 
the effect is not as strong as for those two. So
colorectal cancer for example, we either see no 
link no effect with coffee or a modest protective
effect, a modest reduction of risk of colorectal 
cancer in coffee drinkers. How might coffee reduce
the risk of colorectal cancer? Well, coffee seems 
to accelerate transit time in the intestine. Some
people report that after drinking coffee, 
they have to rush to the bathroom. So, that
might reduce the contact time between potential 
carcinogens in the feces, in the material inside
the gut and the gut lining. Okay, these effects 
that we've seen so far, is that the caffeine in
the coffee or is it something else? It's not 100% 
clear. Some studies do show a protective effect
of decaf. So there seems to be something else 
about coffee that is potentially protective, but
there are also some studies that try to compare 
caffeinated coffee versus decaf and suggest that
the effect of the caffeinated coffee is stronger 
as far as lower risk of cancer. So there might be
a role for caffeine in there as well. Okay. Breast 
cancer, overall we see no significant effect
either way of coffee. Although for specific groups 
of people like for example post-menopausal women
there's a suggestion of a protective effect of 
coffee, and one proposed mechanism is that coffee
is a source of phytoestrogens, these plant-derived 
estrogen-like molecules that work like estrogens
in some tissues but they work the opposite of 
estrogen in other tissues and they're linked to
lower risk of breast cancer in soy for example. 
Then we have prostate cancer. And most studies,
not all, but most studies suggest a protective 
effect as well. About a 9 to 10% lower risk of
prostate cancer incidence, so risk of being 
diagnosed with prostate cancer, and mortality
from prostate cancer in coffee drinkers. Comparing 
lowest to the highest intake. And then skin cancer
like melanoma for example. Some studies also 
suggest a protective effect there. And one
potential mechanism is the antioxidant effect of 
coffee components. In fact, coffee is very high
in some polyphenols, some plant compounds that 
have strong antioxidant effect. I've seen some
statistics that coffee is the number one source 
of antioxidants in the American diet, which is
both a fun fact and a little bit of a depressing 
fact because Americans in general consume so few
foods with antioxidants like fruits and vegetables 
that their number one source ends up being coffee.
And then for pancreatic cancer, no significant 
effect either way. Every other type of cancer,
less common types, the data is inconclusive. We 
don't have strong enough data to say confidently
one way or another. Okay. So overall coffee if 
anything seems to have a protective effect on
cancer. Now we have a couple loose ends. We have 
that suggested link with bladder cancer from 1991,
right? With those weaker human studies. So what's 
happened with that, with the prospective studies,
with the newer studies? Also, lung cancer. The 
story gets more interesting there. And finally,
there is one type of coffee that we can have 
that does have evidence suggesting higher risk
of cancer for that. So let's look at these issues 
one by one. Okay, link to bladder cancer. There's
about 10 prospective studies looking at coffee 
and bladder cancer and they generally find no
link either way. And in fact, the IARC, the 
International Agency for Research on Cancer,
in 2016, they went over the data again, this time 
with a thousand studies on coffee and cancer, and
they changed their tune. They no longer consider 
coffee possibly carcinogenic. And in fact,
now the data suggests that it might actually be 
protective for some types of cancer. Okay. Does
this mean that scientists are just flip-flopping 
and 10 years from now is going to change again to
possibly carcinogenic? Very unlikely. This type 
of change happens early in a field when we don't
have much evidence and we have these suggested 
decrees. But as the data accumulates in a field,
the level of confidence usually goes up. And 
so the more studies we have, the less likely
it is that things do a complete 180. There are 
some exceptions where coffee is not recommended.
Some people are hyper sensitive to caffeine. Also, 
in pregnancy, there's a link to low birth weight
and pre-term birth. So, probably a good idea to 
moderate coffee or avoid coffee during pregnancy.
Okay. What about lung cancer? The story there was 
really interesting because some early prospective
studies suggested a link between coffee and higher 
risk of lung cancer. But when scientists dug
deeper and they adjusted for things like smoking 
and BMI, which often go hand in hand with coffee,
then that link completely disappeared. So it might 
be more a reflection of the cigarette that people
smoke while they're drinking coffee than the 
effect of coffee itself. Another controversy is
acrylamide which can be formed during the roasting 
of coffee. But scientists have measured this and
the levels of acrylamide in coffee are tiny. 
They're way below thresholds of concern. Now,
there is one type of coffee or one preparation of 
coffee that is thought to be linked to higher risk
of cancer and that's very hot coffee, specifically 
above 65 Celsius. This may indeed raise the risk
of cancer, specifically esophageal cancer, the 
esophagus, and possibly oral cancer, and that
has to do with the damage to the cells in those 
tissues when the beverage is very hot. In fact,
this link is not specific, it's not limited to 
coffee. Very hot drinks like tea or mate or other
very hot drinks share that link. So, it's less 
about the coffee composition itself and more about
the temperature of the coffee. So, you want to let 
your coffee cool for a second. It's going to save
your tongue in the short run and your esophagus 
in the long run. For more surprising benefits of
coffee, check out this video where I go over 
it in full. I'll see you in there. Bye-bye.