All right, guys. So, it looks like Brett
Cooper's fans are actually kind of upset
with her, and I figured I'd cover it
because I think this is overall kind of
an interesting conversation. Uh,
especially in the conservative
community. Um, so Brett Cooper posted
this post right here on the YouTube
about six hours ago. She said, "Exciting
announcement. The Brett Cooper show will
now be four times a week instead of, I
guess, three times a week. We will have
shows on Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday,
uh, and Saturday. This means no show
today, but I'll be back tomorrow. Okay,
first off, uh, people are upset about
her about it, or at least they're not
really all that happy about it. We'll
get to that in a minute. I just want to
say I've been very vocal and clear on my
channel. I know some people don't like
it. I don't really care. It's my
opinion. Get over it. Um, I kind of
despise her show now. Like, I I I don't
like it. I hate it. I really do. So
hearing that instead of three times per
week, now we're going to get four times
per week, that don't sound too appealing
to me as somebody who completely stopped
watching her after she left the comment
section. Which is why I'm a little
bitter and salty at Reagan Conrad
because that was such a great show and
it fell apart.
And now I have two things working
against me. Not only were they not able
to find a good replacement on the
comment section because the comment
section with Reagan Conrad is awful. It
sucks. Not only do I have that, I don't
get to enjoy the comment section
anymore, but the person who I did enjoy
on the comment section who ended up
leaving the Daily Wire in the comment
section and has her own channel. I don't
like that either. So, I'm like stuck. I
I have to go and like find other people
to watch because I just don't like it.
I'm just being honest. Um, yeah. I I
don't like Brett Cooper's show. I just
don't. Uh, that doesn't take anything
away from what she did in the past. That
doesn't take anything away from the fact
that she's still massively popular and
has a huge fan base. That's great. Good
for her. I just don't like the show. And
I'm going to keep being vocal about it
on my YouTube channel. And I don't care
what anybody thinks. It is what it is.
Anyway, besides the fact that she's
going to be doing her little show that
also I think is way too long, but that's
a different story. uh four times a week.
Here's what people actually said in the
comments because remember she just gave
birth. Like she had a whole baby and uh
yeah.
So here's what the comment said.
This person said, "Oh man, bro, take it
easy. You just had a kid. Lol. We're not
going anywhere. Go spend time with your
baby."
Somebody else said, "I know as a SHM, I
have never heard that term ever in my
life, but I assume that means stayathome
mom." I think that's what that means.
So, I'm going to assume that's what that
means. I know as a stay-at-home mom, it
keeps the postpartum hormone demons away
to have projects and goals. So, if you
want to do four vids a week, then go for
it. Don't feel pressured, though. Enjoy
your time with your little one.
If you want, you could do your normal
show three or even just two days a week
and one day be a new farm life vlog
channel. Just saying. Also,
congratulations again. I hope your
nesting is going well. Please, Brett,
focus your energy. We don't need that
many a week. Focus on what matters. I
agree. We don't need that many a week.
They're they're
Look,
I ain't a fan.
We we'll be fine with one until you fix
the format and make the video shorter
and choose better topics instead of
freaking whatever the heck she's talking
about.
Girl, we know you got extra be bills
now, but take it easy. Spend time with
the baby.
Okay.
Somebody else said, "Brett, you're a mom
now. Take some time off." Okay. So, now
I can finally get my commentary. Right.
So, I think it's interesting how mostly
in conservative spaces, there's this
thing that women can't have a baby, but
also still continue to grind and do what
makes them money and gives them a
purpose and a career and blah blah blah
blah. Now, I do think that when you
become a mom, that should be your main
priority. You know, I do agree with
that. And I do think that for both men
and women, you should try and spend as
much time with the kids as possible
because really, that's what matters more
than everything in my opinion. The
ultimate thing that matters in life in
my opinion is uh let's see you got God,
you got family and children, you know,
like like that's like you know there's
obviously other things you can insert
there too, but that's extremely
important for sure. Um and and making
sure that you're raising a good person
and a good child and you know there's a
lot that goes into I'm sure most of you
guys know. So, I just think it's funny
though because I do understand people
saying make sure you're spending time
with your children. People are like
concerned or whatever, but at the same
time, I also kind of feel like let's
maybe pump the brakes and calm down a
little bit, people. Uh, yes, YouTube is
a lot of work. It is. Um, but at the
same time,
I actually don't think it's a lot of
work for her, but I could be wrong
because I really don't know. Uh, I don't
know if Brett has like I'm pretty sure
she has an editor. I'm almost certain
she has an editor, right? I don't know
if she has like a producer and a writer
and, you know, all that stuff. People
who actually post the videos for her and
do all that. If her job is only to pick
the topics and she's got like a script
writer and an editor and everything like
that and she just goes on and makes the
videos, then it really actually doesn't
take that long or that much effort to
make videos. That's the thing though. I
really don't know. But I'm just going to
assume here because that's really all
all I could go off of is assumptions.
I am assuming and I and I think I'm
right about this.
I think she doesn't put too much time
into YouTube where she can't still take
care of the baby. I would assume she
probably spends few hours a day on
YouTube and then after that she's got
the rest of the day to herself. That's
what I that's what I think. I could be
wrong but that's what I think. And if
that's the case, she can one million%
make four videos a week and still have
plenty of time to be around the baby and
a newborn and all that stuff. And also
the other part too, I do understand
traditionally you take off work, you
know, to be with your child for as long
as you can, especially when you just
gave birth. But that's cons that's also
taken into account that most people work
8 hour days. I highly doubt Brett Cooper
or really any YouTuber for that matter
works eight hour days. Most YouTubers
are not, especially ones at that size.
And the reason why is because if you're
a YouTuber who's getting 200,000,
300,000, 500,000, sometimes a million
views per video, plus the sponsorships,
plus the memberships and whatever else
you may be selling in the merchant
stuff, you you've pretty much made it.
You know, you've gotten to a point
where, you know, you really don't have
to work too ridiculously hard uh to make
a lot of a lot of money. So, so, so
that's my opinion there. I I I actually
don't think she's doing anything wrong.
I don't think that, you know, she has to
take time off and all that. I I think
she can put out four videos a a week and
be just fine taking care of the child.
Granted, she has a whole team behind her
doing everything. Now, she's like me who
don't got no team. I'm the one who does
the thumbnails. I don't script my
videos. That's just not my thing. I like
to speak from the heart, speak from the
top. That's just always been me. It's
just more authentic and organic that
way. Um, but yeah, I do all the
thumbnails, I do all the editing, I do
all the post-production. These lights
right here, I bought uh the green
screen, I bought the laptop, you know,
everything is me. I I I wear all the
hats, okay? Even when the sponsors reach
out to me and I say no, they're like,
"Hey, you know, you want to promote our
scam whatever whatever that crap they be
trying to give me is, I'll be like, no,
I got to answer the emails." You know,
like I do it all.
Anyway, uh that's the bottom line. It's
kind of what I wanted to uh kind of
cover there. I did want to get into
Candace Owens a little bit. I don't know
if you guys care, though. So, I actually
was going to talk about Candace Owens
because it actually looks like she's
going to be sued again. Um but I think
I'll reserve that for the second
channel. So, while we're on that
subject,
uh make sure you guys actually go ahead
and follow the second channel because I
do want to post on there a lot more. Or
I did not mean to type in more Pegasus.
I meant to type in more echoes. So this
right here is my second channel. More
echo. And you know, the views are
actually doing pretty decent. They're
not doing bad for a channel that is uh
uh this small, you know. So yeah, if you
want to see what I got to say about
Candace Owens, I think I'll just put
that portion on this channel and uh keep
that momentum going. So yeah, that's
today's video. Just wanted to talk real
quick about the uh Brett Cooper
situation cuz I just found it
interesting. That's just me. Let me know
what you guys think in the comments. As
always, thanks so much.