The last 24 hours has been absolutely
monumental for Bitcoin. Firstly,
breaking past the key resistance level
of 118,000. This was the time that JPAL
talked about interest rate cuts. So, we
now know that the market is ready for
that after selling off twice when those
interest rate cuts were first discussed.
The second major event is that it is
breaking past the 7-year resistance line
once again. Now it's all starting to
feel like we're nearly at that stage
again. The time when most people come
out of the woodworks expecting huge
blowoff top moves. Now this is typically
around a time that the majority of
traders and investors come into the
market relatively late. You can see that
we're still trading around the old final
stage that I have here on the total
market cap. And I think we're about to
move into the top buyers, those who come
in late. Now, there are still
significant gains as we'll talk about in
today's video looking at forward returns
and our cycle forecasts. But before we
get too far ahead of oursel, if you
haven't already, hit the like button,
share the content with a friend or
family member, and of course, subscribe
to the channel if you're new here. The
latest reports have gone out. The last
one is coming out today. Link to that is
in the top of the video description. So,
first things first, we've been
discussing the left and right translated
cycles for Bitcoin for many, many years
now. In particular, we had the left
translated cycle that everyone was
thinking about in March. And from my
opinion, we were always running into a
right translated cycle for this cycle
that is getting relatively close to a
top according to historic data. That
comes in around October through to
December. But with some of the day
counts that we've seen historically for
Bitcoin, that could run into the early
part of quarter 1. The dates I'm
referring to are the first cycle. You
can see 1,148
days into the top of 2013. The other two
cycles we've seen in the top being 2017,
the next top 2021, they ran almost
identically for,60
days with a 1year decline. So, we've got
those two targets in mind. Somewhere
around quarter 4 or the early part of
quarter 1, should it replicate something
similar to the first cycle where we had
these uh three significant blowoff
moves. Got one and then the pullback,
two and the pullback, and then three
into the top before everything came
crashing down from that point. So, we're
definitely running on track here. This
is obviously the grand final, the final
boss stage of the market. We've also
seen the weekly chart turn up. You can
chuck it on the weekly here and we can
see the trends have now changed with
yesterday's
price action taking out that top. And
also, as we looked at the 118,000 and
the 7-year resistance level. So, on a
daily, we have one daily close above it.
Weekly closes are ideal. So 4 days to go
to get to that answer. Then the next
stage is closing above 120,000 from this
point. Now any movement to the downside
would probably prolong
the consolidation. If it was to break
98,000 then you'd probably see the end
of the cycle. But as it stands with the
trends now turning up on the weekly
chart, this is a pretty significant
move. As I said, four days to go to get
to the closing price for the weekly
chart, but nonetheless, it is still
holding out relatively well. An even
stronger close above 120 and then of
course we could potentially see a break
of the high sometime in October. Now, if
it was to go above 120, that would be
the highest weekly close in history. And
that in itself is a very bullish signal.
On top of that, we've seen pretty solid
liquidations, 600 million in the last 24
hours. Most of those coming from the
short side. We obviously know that
that's most likely due to the shorts
getting absolutely squeezed on this
particular bar. And the benefit of this
is that we're seeing the leverage
players getting washed out, but at the
same time, the market sentiment is still
holding relatively stable. the uh the
interest in the market is also holding
relatively stable as well and we're not
seeing any sort of major blowoff moves
or anything major in the sense of market
sentiment or inflows. We can see last
time we saw very significant inflows on
the Bitcoin ETF. These were around the
times of the top and then also around
the times at another local high. So
often when we get to those periods of
the market where you've got a lot of
investors piling into the ETFs, they
generally mark a top. They could be a
local top, they could be the final top,
but in most cases they are a pretty
significant top like we saw in July when
they piled in. And the same thing in
August for Ethereum on the ETFs when
they piled into Ethereum that was right
around the high of the market. So that's
something to keep in mind. We haven't
seen that yet. Therefore, it seems like
this could be a a move that can go
higher. We haven't gotten overheated.
And in terms of the FOMO finer, so
looking at market sentiment, this came
in around a low. It dropped into panic.
You can see here in purple. The idea is
we we don't want to see this run into
greed or FOMO. So, the orange or the red
too soon as that could call another end
to the move. Could be a short-term end,
but you can see it happens many times
before. Running into greed often calls
for local highs. You got right through
the middle here in 2024. Local tops, big
pullback again. The ETF launch in 2024
for Bitcoin in January, local top and a
pullback. And then one little peak here
in December of 2024 and that the market
barely went higher than that. So at the
moment, we've seen some significant
signs for lows and the same deal here
for the crypto, fear, and greed index.
As you can see, we had higher lows
forming, extreme fear on the tariff
crash. Again, extreme fear and we just
barely escaped an extreme fear reading a
few days ago when it dropped into the
lowest part of the fear. Now, it's
climbed back up into greed. So, things
are still looking relatively on track
short-term and in the medium-term when
we look at the at the the weekly chart
as well, the liquidations wiping out a
lot of that leverage. And if you follow
the long short ratio so that things
don't get too skewed either way. Uh
basically a positioning mechanism the
positioning is relatively equal here.
Longs at 49.8 shorts at 50.2
differential of only. 04 and as Michael
talks about on his YouTube channel
Michael Bazino link to that is also in
the video description. All part of the
investor accelerator.
When you get to a differential of
roughly 3%, so you could look at this as
48 and a half and quick maths 51 and a
half, that would be a pretty big signal
that you're going to see a flush out
either end and coming towards a
significant turning point and that can
happen long or short. So, we're not at
that either. Therefore, the signals are
suggesting there is room to run further
to the upside. Now, if we do see further
to the upside, it's essentially falling
in line with our analysis and our
forecasts for quarter 3 that uh
forecasted what may happen for quarter
4. More often than not, quarter 3 being
the consolidation. We can see that on
the price of Bitcoin. Here is uh July,
August, August, September, and now we
find ourselves in October. Essentially
that price range was the consolidation
for quarter three which generally leads
to a push into quarter four. It doesn't
mean then the entire quarter is going to
be straight up. There's going to be some
pullbacks along the way but more or less
the probability suggest October being
one of the best months in Bitcoin's
history and especially after a
consolidation of quarter 3. We've seen
that this year now that's confirmed. We
saw it in 2024. Nice push in quarter
four. We saw it in 2021 consolidation
again. Nice push into quarter 4 that
came out into the all-time high of
November. We saw it again 2020. Big big
big push into the end of the year which
then ran over into the early part of
2021 and that is a possibility now
running into the early part of 2026. I'm
keeping that on my radar as well. the
end of the cycle for 2017,
July through to September, that period
there, consolidation. So you had up up
pullback and then a big boom for the end
of the year, 2015, that was the
accumulation year there before the big
bull market top in 2017 consolidation
and then a big boom for the quarter 4
and uh the final one there for 2010.
Basically the genesis stage of Bitcoin.
Now, as we've been following with our
composite cycle, the 2020
and 2015 cycle for Bitcoin, October,
first half, we may see this pullback and
then a nice run into the second half of
October, which then leads us into
quarter 4. As you can see, pullbacks are
definitely coming, but it should be
higher lows just according to uh the
composite of the last five and the 10ear
cycle. Not worried about the four-ear
cycles here. This is just looking at a
road map for this year of 2025 using the
five and the 10 year which is part of
GAN analysis. He tells us to look at
five and 10ear cycles and we can see why
it continues to work out time and time
again. Now, we'll start to see some
divergences here if this market was to
to fall back. But, as we talked about in
yesterday's video and leading up to
this, leading up to October, what we
have anticipated is a breakout of these
little uh the tops here on the blue. You
can see this little peak there and this
peak right there. That is looking at for
a breakout. And as the data resets
today, we get an update of the data that
will show that it is breaking out of
those highs because that is essentially
this these tops here that point that
point and now you have the breakout
there. So the best scenario now going
forward is if this is to to rally
anywhere from this point 20, 120, 122,
124, whatever it may be and the pullback
happens above those highs. That is your
icing on the cake. That is looking at a
breakout of resistance and then a retest
of resistance. That doesn't have to
happen. It may ret
120. We don't know yet. So the the point
I'm trying to make here is that don't
wait for this particular low to come in
to ensure that the next move is going to
happen. Just know that if it does come
anywhere back to those levels of around
11718,
you still got a good structure for the
bull market. So as we've been following
with the cycles, things are looking
pretty damn healthy there. And in terms
of the uh prices higher, as we keep
going higher, breaking through these
seven-year resistance, the uh the price
targets remain intact. We didn't see any
breakdowns of the lows. Therefore, all
of our fibs, fibs extensions that we've
been tracking are basically on track for
the mid30,000
region. Let's turn on one so we can see
mid30s.
And then the next target we're still
watching is the mid 160s. I think we've
still got more in the tank, especially
when we take a look at the Elliot wave
cycle that Michael's been bringing us
now for years on his channel and of
course with the investor accelerator.
You want to learn more about that, there
are links in the video description. You
can get the free reports for Bitcoin.
It's coming out today being Thursday. So
the Elliot wave cycle which we've been
tracking in real time not uh in
hindsight but in real time is suggesting
that we have a run up here into wave
five the short term which is a wave
three medium-term of the final wave five
and that is the basically the top of the
cycle for total crypto market cap and
most likely Bitcoin as well as of course
Bitcoin makes up the majority of the
market cap. being at 2.4 trillion. So
I'll come back to those assets in a sec.
But then there's a significant
correction. So I'll repeat that. From
this point, wherever we run up to right
now, whether it's 4 and a.5 trillion, 5
trillion, whatever it might be, there is
likely a pullback to come, which would
be wave four. Seeing as the current
movement right now, you can see this has
basically mostly been consolidation uh
between 3.3 and 3.8. eight. What the the
rules generally state is after this run
up, the pullback is probably going to be
a little more severe than what we saw at
this stage. So, if we do get a
significant pullback, try not to get
scared out of the position. I'm saying
that to myself as well. We've got to
keep running. There is probably one more
leg to go into the peak. Uh, and we've
always maintained that trying to get
into these tops is the hardest part of
the cycle. These are the easiest parts.
And I'm pointing to the lows. This is
what we talked about on the channel at
the time, 2022, 2023. They're the
easiest times. The tops are the most
difficult. At least from my experience
and others that I've uh also spoke to
that have been trading and investing for
a long time. The reason being is that
there is so much volatility at the tops.
And you're basically in price discovery
as well. That's the difficulty. At the
lows, you can start to read the volume,
you can read the sentiment, you can read
the price action, and you can see when
there is a change in trend happening,
especially with overbalances in time and
price. That is history. We will get to
another one of those again, which is why
I also suggest staying with the market.
Continue to invest your portfolio and
learn from the previous cycles uh that
have gone by. Now, as we continue to to
run up into these peaks, we've been
discussing a lot about metals as they've
also been putting on a major bull
market, especially silver, running into
new 14-year highs, and of course, gold
all-time highs. Silver is less than 5%
away from a new all-time high. And as
this show continues on, you can
definitely see the narrative for well at
least from the media and other traders,
investors of course media and people who
are just thinking that the only way
forward is that you have to buy Bitcoin,
you have to buy silver, you have to buy
gold because the rest of the system is
rubbish. They think it's all going to
collapse. So I think that that sort of
narrative is obviously going to play
into the prices continuing to appreciate
along with the money printing going on,
the devaluation of the dollar and the
rest of our currencies around the globe.
And of course, it's going to do good
things for uh these asset classes and
you can see that happening in the top
asset market cap. They've basically been
running higher and higher and higher. I
think by the time we get to Bitcoin
towards this peak, it could probably
cement itself in the top five for the
peak. Not for the long term, but at
least for that peak, I think we
potentially have about 50 to
somethingish percent as we've looked at.
I say somethingish, let's have a look at
where our targets are. Uh, from here is
around 118 to the one mid mid30s is
about 14% and then running it up into
the mid 160s takes you out to about 40
odd percent. Now, the article I was
referencing here is that when we see a
green September, which doesn't happen
all that often for Bitcoin, generally
for these at least four data points,
October has been 33% up, 14% up, 28% up,
10% up, and you got November, December,
and then the quarter 4 total returns
have ranged anywhere from 45% to 66%.
So, that basically comes in right at the
lower end of our targets here. If
Bitcoin were to run up to the mid 160s,
maybe touch around 170 to 180, a nice
psychological level is there there as
well around that 180s. So that I think
falls pretty well in line with the the
data from an average point of view. I'm
not trying to forecast $300,000,
$500,000. I don't think it's it's going
to go that crazy. I hope it does, but
just got to be slightly realistic. At
the end of the day, it is your money.
And if that's the case, we get that sort
of 40% 40 50% on 2.4 trillion is going
to add another 1.2 trillion. It's going
to take Bitcoin to about 3.6 sitting at
around uh fifth place if none of the
other US stocks continue to rise. But of
course, we have seen the AI stocks
rising. And we've definitely got a nice
solid uptrend for things like Nvidia and
Microsoft being one of being two of the
biggest AI players. And that seems to be
driving the bubble for the peak of the
18-year real estate cycle. Now, that is
obviously going to help with investors
in total in the cryptocurrency space
being that the risk on is going to come
back into the space if it hasn't already
marginally as we'll look at with some of
the old coins in a sec. And of course,
if we see more of that risk gone come
into the space, basically things are
going crazy with AI. Metals are going
up, Bitcoin's going up, investors are
going to look for other places to put
their money because they missed out. And
that typically happens in the top stages
of the market. So, as I've labeled here,
top buyers, which is generally a
distribution phase for those who got in
relatively early. So, you can have the
early buyers at the low, even starting
at the prior cycle bottom before we get
into the bottom of this current cycle
breakout. So, you're looking for
confirmation buyers. They want to know
for sure that we're going to break out
into a uh into the start of a bull
market and not head lower. And then of
course you have the lucky retail who are
listening probably in 2023 and thought
they're going to leave it a bit longer.
They had to get swept up into this move.
And then of course the rest is history.
We keep going up and we've seen in the
last couple of months early distribution
from major Wales as Bitcoin was hitting
$100,000. They thought now was a pretty
good time for them to exit some, maybe
all of their positions since they were
holding from such low prices, taking out
billions of the market. And they could
only really do that now considering the
market caps. They could not take out
billions earlier on because there just
weren't that many billions in the space.
As for the total crypto market cap,
should it close here at $4 trillion,
this would be the highest weekly closing
price in the total crypto market cap's
history, which of course is very very
bullish and I suspect that bullishness
is going to flow on for Bitcoin and ETH
obviously being the largest there and
obviously the rest of the market will
follow suit. So this is very very good
signs for the next stages. The other
fantastic signs here for Bitcoin cryptos
and Ethereum which of course altcoins is
the USDT dominance. Now the USDT and
USDC has been there's been a lot more
stable coins being printed. Meanwhile,
the dominance continues to fall. So what
does that mean? It means there is more
money out there or at least more stable
coins, money for crypto and that money
is going somewhere and it's going into
Bitcoin, Ethereum, Salana, it's sitting
in those majors. We know there is
billions and billions of stable coins
being somehow printed approximately 289
billion. It's up 42% year to date. So
that's the total stable coin market. If
we were seeing the stable coins drop,
like the total market caps of the stable
coins drop and this drop, you'd probably
get a little bit more concerned
thinking, well, where where is the rest
of this money coming from? And you'd be
even more concerned if you started to
see the stable coins drop with the total
market cap and the dominance rise. So
that means there would be so much less
liquidity in the space. But it's not
happening. It's happening the other way
in both cases. dominance dropping and
more dollars coming our way, more Tether
and USDC dollars coming our way. We can
see that by the reports here from JP
Morgan. Of course, we'll see how much we
we uh trust them, but we know from
onchain analytics that there are more
dollars coming. just how much and their
forecasts that's a different question
but we know um that there is this much
now 42% and nearly doubled the broader
cryptocurrencies ecosystem at 21% gain
so according to a September 30th note
which is you know 48 hours ago stable
coins now represent roughly 1.3% of the
US M2 money supply so these companies in
particular USDC backs their USDC with uh
USD with bonds and and so forth Treasury
Treasury bills and that's making up
1.3%. So this is something to be
concerned with come the end of the
cycle. What happens if something happens
to USDC and they [clears throat] have
loaded up their USDC? They basically
bought all these Treasury bills and
bonds and then they collapse. That could
be something to to think about. That's
just a little bit of a side note. Let's
continue on with the bullishness, the
hopeium and how uh great things are
potentially going to be. You've got
stable coins accounting for 7.5%. Now,
of the 3.8 trillion total market cap, we
know that that total market cap has
risen since that article. It's now at 4
trillion. And the beauty here is that we
saw the USDT dominance rally, reject at
the exact 50% level. Fantastic news. And
then crash back into the trading zone,
which is a bearish signal for USDT.
Therefore, it's got to go somewhere. We
anticipate that it is going into
Bitcoin, Ethereum, altcoins and that's
what it has been doing. Now the next
stage for this dominance is to break
below here 4.1%. This has been the
trading range for many many months now
going back to July. So basically 3
months ideally break down at 4.1 takes
us to 3.7 and if we break 3.7 then you
can start getting your uh contracts
ready to go get your Lamborghinis and I
don't know whatever else it is people do
with their money. So that's all looking
relatively healthy. We can see the
stable coins forecasts for 2028 could go
to two trillion. This I think is just
getting a little bit ahead of ourselves
where we still have to get through the
next three months to see where things
head. Now in terms of the alt coins,
this is looking at the top 10. Well,
sorry, the all the altcoins excluding
the top 10. We've seen a slight bounce
right off those lows there at 7.7%.
This is for your altcoins. If you are
trading old coins, this chart needs to
at least get back above 8.8 8 to 9%.
Ideally, it crushes 10 1/2%. It has to
break all of this zone here, 9 1/2 to 10
1/2. The 10 and a half comes from an
overbalance in time and price. That's to
overbalance this rally. That just means
if it can get as high as that, you're
going to see a bigger altcoin season
than what we saw in November and
December, which is relatively tame.
Until that can happen, this is all just
rotation into most likely the major
alcoins like your ETHs and Salanas,
which are relatively well positioned for
this next stage of the cycle, which I
think most likely running into these
final stages. We have the end of wave uh
three to go, a pullback, and then a
final peak. So Ethereum uh good position
here sitting at the 50% level closes
above 4,400 going to be relatively
strong and you could consider that that
low is the low. So that's at 3,800. Now
if it rejects here then we'll probably
come back and test those levels again.
The positioning that we've talked about
when it comes to the commitment of
traders still isn't favoring the long
side. Therefore, I'm a little bit
hesitant here. But nonetheless, if we
were to see the commitment of traders
start to drop off, you would get the the
commercials not being as long on the
short side, so them not expecting this
big downtrend and they start to position
themselves at a more neutral standing,
that could be enough to start pushing
the prices higher. Until all of those
signs happen, a break above the 50, the
uh commitment of the traders, then this
is all just part of more consolidation
that we've been discussing with this
stage with that October period before we
start to see some significant moves for
ETH against BTC. You see the same deal
here on ETH versus Bitcoin. It's been
coming down since that high in August.
So, just over a month now. Salana is
also well positioned as we've been
discussing. This looks like it is still
going through a consolidation,
especially after the rally of 23 weeks
to the top at 250 bucks. It's done 23
weeks from a significant low to a high
before and before and before and before.
Roughly around this mid20E period is
what Salana has done for these big runs
before it needs to pull back,
consolidate before it can get going
again. So, I think there's still more
left in the tank for Salana, especially
as it consolidates at a relatively uh
strong level here above the 50% of 195
and ideally above this short-term one
here around $222.
That's going to be a really strong
position ready for the next move
whenever that's ready to come. And we've
been talking about that being in quarter
4 after Bitcoin rallies. ETH follows
along the uh the Bitcoin dominance
finally rejects at around 5960% and then
we'll start to see more of that money
flow out. Does it flow out into XRP? I
think it will once XRP can take out
$340. This has been the sticking point
since January of this year. So 9 months
XRP has been unable to hold above 340,
which is it's only marginally put in a
new all-time high for this cycle. But
there is still good news as it's holding
up all of these lows. Now I've talked
about timing on XRP spanning its entire
history looking at 12 month swings, 12
to 13 month swings from lows to highs,
highs to lows. That is in effect.
Therefore, if we see a rally into this
resistance level 340, it's resistance
until it becomes support. If it becomes
support, then that could be part of
another lower high. And the US dollar is
helping the gains overall. The dollar
has continued to fall. We've discussed a
shortterm move to the upside, but
nonetheless, this cycle seems like it
still wants to go lower. This is the US
dollar eventually taking out the low of
96. And for the rest of this 18ear
cycle, it seems like the it's almost
inevitable that we're going to come down
into the low 90s, if not test below 90
by the end of this cycle, getting into
the corrective phase, the collapse phase
of the 18year cycle. But for now, it's
basically been in a trading range for
the last few months. And prices have
continued to increase, which is all good
for the asset markets, just like gold
here at 3,900 for the first time in
history. This is our multi-year bull
market that we've been discussing now
for months on the channel. Silver
14-year highs at for nearly 48 US an
ounce, which puts it uh roughly 4% away
from a new all-time high price.
yesterday's video. I'll leave a link to
that at the end of this one. Go and
watch that. It's the forecasting for
October and and quarter 4 in particular
for metals in October. There is some
weakness potentially there. I'll leave
that video to the end. Still more signs
for this market heading higher with the
S&P 500 climbing yet again. You guessed
it, to another new all-time high
yesterday and today in prehour trading.
Now, this is our five-year pattern here
on the the red line that goes back to
the co days, and that's September
through to November for a consolidation.
However, what we've seen now is another
break higher. So, I'm still tracking
this to see whether we do get some
consolidation, but like we've seen in
the past of this cycle, we've seen
consolidation happen on the rise. So,
we're getting an upwards consolidation.
And this is basically like the big
breakout move and then the market just
continues to consolidate, tests and runs
again. So we've had the breakout here.
You can see this move up and now maybe
we're going into another consolidation
phase for a period of a month or so,
which is still very very strong for the
market, but is slightly different to how
the consolidation happened for the S&P
500 5 years ago. Nonetheless, it still
looks like there are some pretty decent
strengths left on the table for this
cycle, which of course is going to help
out things like Bitcoin running into
those new fresh prices that we've been
tracking now. And for the end of the
week, the data coming out, we're looking
at unemployment claims and non-farm
unemployment, yada yada, from the the
Fed, and that will give them more
ammunition for any sort of rate cuts
that may be coming up. Of course, it
seems like the S&P 500 is starting to
price some of those in and potentially
Bitcoin is doing the same thing,
especially, and this is so important
that it's broken through the 118. A few
more days of consolidation above this
level that would give it a really strong
position. Right now, it's just one day
above uh those levels, the 1818 and the
7-year resistance. So, we've already
taken out the interest rate news from
the last meeting. That was August uh Pal
saying looks like we need a cut. That
was the big pump on him talking about
that and then the market sold off and
then that was the interest rate cut and
the market sold off. We've overcome that
now and it looks like we're heading
towards the next bit of information for
the Fed and it seems like the market is
trying to frontr run that now. Front run
the other guys hitting the like button.
Let me know your thoughts in the
comments section down below. Do we have
further to go into quarter 4, quarter 1
of 2026, or you think this thing is the
super cycle that has been promised every
single cycle before that? The free
reports are out. I'll see you guys back
here at the next video. Thanks again for
your support. Have a great day. He's
out.