Good ball strikers go forward, down, and
under. And you see amateur golfers miss
this key move. Craig and I are going to
show you a couple really great drills,
couple key feels to get you hitting the
golf ball the best you ever have. Okay,
Craig. So, one of the things we see
really great ball strikers do, what you
said, forward, down, and under, which I
think is a great mantra that the the
ball strikers that don't hit as good
don't do that. Awesome drill setup here.
Can you guide us through what this drill
is, how we set it up, and how we perform
it?
>> Yeah, this is a great drill to create
feels, body awareness, just to get a
guide, a gauge of where you need to be
moving through the golf ball. Now, when
we have a look, I've got currently got
an eight iron in my hand here. So, what
I've done is I've got an eight iron here
in front of me and I can line up my left
foot on the end of this grip. Now, okay,
>> just bear with me just for a second so I
explain the angle of this tool stick. If
this is 90°, this being the 90, this
being the 0, 80, 70, 60, 45. What we've
done is we've got the alignment rod
jammed into the ground at a 45 degree
angle with an eight iron club length
away from our left foot. And this will
give everybody here the chance to see if
you can do this and a way that you can
feel moving through the golf ball. Now
what we do is when we take our address
position, get in a realistic position,
moving through the golf ball to close up
the gap of your knees, we're moving this
lateral shift 4 to 6 in here.
>> 4 to 6 in is the PGA tour average. We're
shifting forwards. The closing up of the
knees helps us turn this forwards down
and under. And if you can still touch
this alignment stick, if you can still
reach down, you're getting into the PGA
zone. Now, if you can't touch it, then
do the best you can with what you have.
But it's a wonderful way to feel, to
move, to shift, and as you're turning
here, as this closes up, it's going to
take pressure off your back. You start
to get this appropriate amount of tilt
and turn, which is essential for great
ball striking.
>> Love that, Craig. So the forward down
and under, the forward component, right?
Like you said, the lower body and hips
four to six inches. Number one. Number
two, we're closing the gap of the knees.
And then number three, that kind of
right shoulder and arm staying a bit
more under. And Craig, you said with the
right knee, and we're going to talk a
little bit more about the right leg in
the next segment, the right knee coming
forward towards the left and closing the
gap is actually a big move that helps
get hip rotation.
>> Exactly. Like if we're standing here and
I set myself up and I've got zero degree
hip turn, watch what happens when I
bring this knee in. Now when I get it to
the level of the golf ball, you have to
turn your hips and the looking around
that corridor of 30 to 50° hip turn,
which is pretty big. But if we get our
knee to the golf ball, you're going to
open up your hips. This is one of those
chain reactions Eric in the golf swing.
We make a movement like this. We don't
have to think right when we're turning.
When people turn, they generally hit it
worse cuz they turn level. They turn
high. They can't touch the stick.
Getting this knee to move forwards.
They're shifting forwards, down, and
under. You get into that hitting zone,
which just makes ball striking so much
easier.
>> And we were saying before we started,
like the good ball strikers are forward
and under. And the bad ball strikers are
back and over.
>> Back and high. We see this right hip up
here. And we said we have to get this
right hip. This right hip, the PJ
averages 7.5 cm. That might sound
technical, but that's a fact. 7.5 cm
lower than where it started. But a lot
of you guys understand that lowering,
shortening this right side is essential
as we're moving forwards. That's why
when we start to move into this, holding
this position, feeling this, we start to
rewire, refire, and creating great
feels. And Craig, getting into the trail
side and how that affects the standing
up motion, especially on the way
through. You talk about in your videos,
there's three things I hear you talk
about that helps the body motion through
the hit. You just mentioned one of them.
The right hip being lower than the left
on the way through. The right knee
closing the gap, getting closer to the
left or past the finish line of the golf
ball, right? Being being a big one
there. And then the right knee from this
side staying inside the fence, right? Or
not getting over the toe line. Yeah. And
so if you did those bad, meaning the
opposite of all three of those, the bad
would be the right hip high, the right
knee back, and the right knee forward.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. High, back, and forward. Show us
the good one one more time. The good is
low, right? See, the right knee is
forward and in. And the bad one more.
High, back, and out. And obviously, when
you do that, Craig, that's going to have
an effect on how your upper body moves
as It's almost like a natural move,
unfortunately, for for so many of us out
there. And this is a bit of a more of a
learned skill, but at least we know that
this is the right area to move into.
>> Yeah, I love it.
>> A huge thank you to our friends at Shot
Scope for sponsoring today's video.
Having information on the golf course is
going to make you play better. Shot
Scope has a range of products so you can
better understand your game. From
advanced shot tracking devices with over
a hundred stats and insights on your
game to their accurate rangefinders and
simpletouse GPS watches for better
course management. What I love most
about Shot Scope is they have the most
accurate course maps in golf. Get access
to their free mobile app for life when
you buy any Shot Scope product. Take
fewer strokes and improve faster by
knowing your game.
Okay, Craig. So, I've never done this
particular drill version. I don't know
where you come up with all this from,
but this is this is really good. I like
this a lot. So, the stick, just to
reconfirm, it's one club in front in
terms of how far forward. Yeah. 45
degree angle and just kind of over like
my left toes
>> kind of the positioning here. And so,
I'm just making a little move here,
trying to feel like my hands and my
fingertips are getting there. Obviously,
I'm feeling those couple keys, which is
the hips and weight forward,
>> closing the gap with the knees, and I'm
feeling the right shoulder and arm
under. Yeah.
>> Right. So, it's forward, down, and
under.
>> Looks like Xander
>> looks like this. Eric and Xander. Couple
of major winners. So, this is my feel. I
get that same sensation, guys.
Obviously, the bad version. High right
back this way. Forward, down, and under.
forward, down, and under. Really, really
good drill. All right, guys. Just to
reconfirm for those of you who are
struggling with this standing up and how
important it is to get these lower body
motions correct when I'm working through
that Craig talked about the right hip
being lower than the left. This right
hip being lower than the left has my
left hip higher and deeper. Notice when
my left hip is higher and deeper, what
does that do to my upper body? Keeps me
tilted over, right? Okay. Gets me this
right shoulder low, keeps the
inclination to the ground. When my right
hip would go higher than my left, watch
what happens. What happens to my left
hip? My left hip works in towards the
ball. What happens to my upper body?
Standing up too much. So, even just this
right hip staying lower as I work
through is such a big important part. I
want to have the closing of the gap of
the knees. You'll see the really good
ball strikers Craig talks about, they
get the knee in line with the golf ball
before the hands get there. In fact, a
lot of them, let's show Adam Scott,
they'll get the inside part of the knee
there by about the time the hands like
hip high, right? And that right knee
working forward, not in towards the golf
ball, but forward towards the target.
Helps get those hips turned, right?
Again, helps us keep in posture. And the
last little thing, right? So, right hip
lower, number one,
knees closing the gap, right hip towards
the target, number two. And lastly, if
we draw this line up the toe line, Craig
says, don't break the fence, right?
Don't have the right knee going forward
of the toe line. We keep that inside of
there. So, when I combo those feels,
right hip lower than the left, right
knee in towards the left, and staying
inside the fence, that'll help me keep
my body down through the hit.
All right, guys. So, like Craig said,
Xander Shoffle, me, pretty similar swing
styles. Hopefully, you want to get in
that that group as well. We just want to
get closer to moving like these guys,
right? Like all these good players as
measured do these movements, not by
accident, right? That's what leads them
to hitting the ball. Great. Like Craig
says, the closer we get, the better we
hit. If you haven't seen Craig's videos,
awesome channel, World Class Golf, we'll
link that down below. Any questions on
this stuff, leave a comment down below.
As always, really, really appreciate you
guys watching. If you want to watch more
like this, check out this video next.