I built an automatic YouTube system
that's saving me hours each and every
week whenever I post a new video. I have
to do the manual work of coming up with
titles, timestamps, a description for
the video, and so many other assets. But
with this automation using N8, I can
click on execute the workflow, enter my
video. So let's say I'm going to choose
this one here, click on share, copy the
link, paste it in, click on submit.
automations will run on the back end
using a set of my parameters and agents
that I've built. And in a matter of
seconds, it's come up with some video
titles that I could potentially use, a
video description based on the criteria
and the way that I usually write my
descriptions, as well as suggested
timestamps and thumbnail ideas,
keywords, and email copy that I could
simply take away and start promoting
that new YouTube video of mine. And this
is just one simple automation that I've
created to save me hours each and every
week. So in this video, I want to share
with you 10 useful N and AI agent ideas
and workflows that you can build to save
you time. Now the first step that you
are going to want to take is making sure
that you've got access to N8. What I
like to do is self-host it. So I've got
my own server online on the cloud that
runs these automations so that I'm not
paying such a premium through n
directly. If you head to natn.io,
you can see the pricing. Now this is in
euros build uh annually. Monthly it
looks like this. I'm not sure exactly if
I can change the conversion, but that's
to give an idea. The way that I like to
do it is by self-hosting on a VPS
specifically with Hostinger. So it'll be
your own server and you can host these.
So it's private and no one else shares
it with you. There's quite a few plans
to choose from. You can see that the
pricing differs quite substantially and
this is a great way more economic for
you in the long run because if you want
to save time, become more productive,
this is a great way to do it by choosing
one of the plans to start off with. So
KVM4 is if you want to run automations
and don't want any delays doing so, I
recommend the KVM4. And once you're on
the checkout, after choosing your plan,
choose your period. Of course, the more
months you go with, the more you will
save and go through some of these
options here, select the server
location. Use the one that's closest to
you because this is going to determine,
you know, the best latency for you. So,
if you're located in the United States,
pick one that best suits you since this
will all be for personal and private
use. All right. So, down the bottom, you
see select operating system. You want to
choose inn. There's also the init with
the plus 100 uh pre-made workflows built
in if you do want to choose that.
Otherwise, just choose inn and that's
what you want to go with. But don't
check out yet because I've got a special
coupon code that you can use to save
further. So, right here, enter in
Aurelius. I'll also link hosting and N8
in the description box below as well as
this coupon code here. Click on apply.
That will give you a further discount as
you can see. Now, I'm not going to run
through the whole setup process, but if
you do want to learn how to set it up in
Hostinger, I'll link up a relevant video
in the description box below. But in
this video, as I said, I want to share
10 useful ideas that you can start with
and to spark some ideas for you to get
started so that you're not left starting
from scratch thinking about what sort of
automations can I create using NN and
creating these AI agents. All right, so
the first idea is automated content
repurposing. So what can happen is you
can post a video on YouTube and then
what NN can do is it will transcribe it.
Then it generates blog posts, tweets,
LinkedIn updates all using chat GBT on
the back end and one piece of content
really does can fuel the multiple
platforms automatically. For example, I
found this automation in N8 called
automate Instagram content discovery and
repurposing. And you can see what it can
do. Just to give you a little bit of
context on some of the things that it
can do, if you look down the bottom on
any of these automations, it monitor
competitive Instagram accounts,
downloads the new res, and processes
them without manual intervention. And it
does the script generation, duplication,
multiplatform intelligence. And by the
way, if you do want to take a look at
some of the automations that are readily
available at N8N, just go to N8N and
then we're going to go to templates.
There's 5,684 workflow automation
templates to choose from. These are some
trending ones, but check out this one.
We're still talking about idea number
one. This is automate multi-platform
social media content creation with AI. I
simply went to the workflows and search
for social media automation. And then
this is one of the ones that popped up.
Look at this. This is free to use. And
if you take a look at this, we're going
to zoom in just a little bit. You know,
it's quite comprehensive, right? But
just to zoom out like this is the
complexity that is involved with this
automation and this can be quite
overwhelming especially if you don't
know how to set up your first AI agent
but start with what you only need and
then you can kind of progress from there
in my opinion. So down the bottom
there's always like this description
social media managers and digital
marketers seeking to streamline content
production across seven plus platforms.
So quite impressive there and the best
part is it's free but that's just one
idea. If this is something that's taking
you a lot of time, let's say you're
posting on YouTube, but then you want to
repurpose that content and post it onto
other platforms, this is a great way to
do it using N. By the way, in order to
use any of the workflows in N, all you
need to do is head to your hosting VPN,
create a new workflow, and you'll have
this blank canvas. So, once you found
one, click on use. What you can do then
is copy the template to clipboard. And
this is just one of the multiple ways
that you can do it. And then all you
need to do on your keyboard is paste it
in. So on my Mac, it's commandV. And
there we go. We've got the entire
workflow ready to go. And all we need to
do now is fill in the details. So if you
haven't connected your Google account,
for instance, then you're going to want
to do that so that it has access
essentially to your Google account and
your OpenAI. So it really depends which
workflow you are using from N8N. The
next idea is scraping business emails
from Google maps without the use of any
third party APIs. And this is the
specific automation that I found in N8N
and it does exactly what name suggests.
It will scrape the emails rather than
going to each and every business listing
on Google maps and then you copy and
pasting every single email to contact
them. So rather than that you can create
this automation that does it all for
you. And as mentioned you don't need any
third-party APIs that you need to plug
into N8N. The third ID is also social
media related but with this if you're
currently using let's say Google Sheets
or Excel or notion what you can do is
you can batch schedule posts in those
apps and let N autopublish them to
places like X LinkedIn and Instagram.
So, it's a must have if you're, you
know, you want to stay consistent with
branding without juggling multiple apps.
And this doesn't necessarily have to be
in Notion or Google Sheets, but I think
that's just a simple way since most of
you are probably using Notion or Excel
yourself. So, import everything into
notion and then create an automation
that will automatically post all those
onto those platforms. All right. The
next idea is to create like a daily
business dashboard. So each morning you
get a single summary of you know your
emails. You get a Slack message with
sales from Stripe or your PayPal
account. You get also a little
notification or a section where you can
see new subscribers of yours on places
like YouTube, on Instagram, on your
email marketing platform. So at one
glance, you know, on your platform, you
can see everything without logging to
dozens or you know multiple platforms in
at once. So every morning check that one
dashboard and you've got everything
there. All this can be automated using
N. Idea number five is to create an AI
agent so that you're creating like this
content idea inbox. So every time you
voice note let's say on your phone you
can run an automation. So you can
actually hook up WhatsApp or Telegram
and then when you create a voice message
in it and can then transcribe it, send
it to your content ideas page or
workspace or database in your notion
account or whatever platform that you
organize all your things and that way no
ideas get lost. So there are plenty of
times when I think about an idea. I'm
like ah just need something where I can
just quickly voice something and then
that will automatically put it into my
project management workspace. You know
what if something existed then this is a
great solution right by using the power
of N8 and you simply voice chat on
WhatsApp or whatever communication and
chat program you use and then that
automatically stores it to your favorite
project management system. The next idea
is an AI agent for idea validation. So
every time you add a video idea to again
your favorite project management system
such as notion in it and then runs it
through GPT or chargbt to score it on
like let's say search potential tension
hook and monetization fit whether it's
viable as an idea and then helps you
prioritize the best ideas fast. So
rather than doing all the guesswork, you
can simply enter your idea and then
it'll run through all these criteria and
then give you the green lights or the
red light. This is a good idea or not a
good idea or something that can just be
put on the back burner. Okay, idea
number seven is creating like a news
aggregator or something where each and
every day on a daily basis they send you
the latest news which is one great use
of NN really. So, in the NetN workflows
section, you can say something like uh
news and then you'll find a list of
workflows that you could potentially use
to do that. Let's be more specific and
say news headlines. We've got a couple
here. And let's say you are a regular
reader of Hacker News, right? And
there's quite a few here. Hacker News to
video content. Not quite what we want
but you can do other things like get
data from hacker news and send it to air
table or via SMS. So these kinds of
things that you can do to aggregate you
know gather all those news especially if
you're in the field where you're posting
content about the latest things about in
your industry. So this is extremely
useful or if you just want to you know
feed your knowledge with what's
happening today. Number eight is
automatic Gmail email labeling. And a
lot of emails probably going into your
inbox and it's not sorted. It's not
organized. So, a great way to do it is
by creating an automation that
automatically categorizes and labels it
all using the power of AI. You can see
how the automation works. And who's this
for? It's an inbox. It's for those with
an inbox full of unread emails. And
instead of reading through them one by
one, uh you can let AI do the sorting.
And here's how it works. So every hour
the workflow runs automatically such as
for unread emails and then what it does
is it extracts the content and sends it
to open AI. Then the AI returns one of
four labels action receipt. So all of
these automations that you find in the
workflows and the templates do work
differently depending on what you want.
But the great thing with inn is it's
completely flexible to you know however
you choose like however you want the
automation to work. but use it as a
starting ground and personalize it based
on the activities that you use it for
and for your daily process. All right,
number nine. This one's a great one.
Extract and store YouTube video comments
in Google Sheets. And if you're doing a
bit of research into and wanting to know
what do my audience seek, what are their
problems, what are they facing, so that
I could potentially create a new video
on those subjects or I could potentially
create an offer or a product or a
digital product that solves that
problem. You can do it all using this
particular and free init workflow. All
right, so this init template
demonstrates how to use the tool and
here's how it works. The workflow starts
when you manually click test flow. Uh it
reads the list of YouTube video URLs
from the YouTube from the video URLs and
then it reads the comments, puts it into
Google sheet and the great thing about
these automations is that it does give
you a set of instructions and what you
need uh prerequisites before you
actually get started. The great thing
about initiards
of actually creating the AI agent, the
rest is quite passive. It runs on the
back end whenever you need it. And
finally, number 10. This one is also
kind of news related, but if you're,
let's say, getting on a call with a
client or a company, this one scrapes
recent news about a company before a
call. So, it may be a really important
call for you. Let's say an interview or
you're working with a new client and you
want to build trust. This is a great way
because it's going to scrape uh the web
for news, recent news about that company
and then it'll give you a summary of all
those things. So these again are the
steps and this is how the automation
looks. But to give you an idea, it gets
a meeting for today. It has some filters
in place, extracts the company name, the
news, and then it formats the email so
that it sends it ultimately via email so
that you get a gist of everything that
you need to learn about that company and
the latest news of course in your email.
And that's just a fraction of the kinds
of NAN automations that you can build
using N8 and Hostinger on your own
server. I'll list all of these workflows
that I found in the description box
below. hosting a link will be in
description box below so you can sign
up, create your own N server and get
started. But hopefully that sparked some
ideas to create your own AI agents. I'll
link up this video right here that will
guide you on how I actually set up my
own YouTube automation system. So I'll
see you there.