TJF and happy Friday. We are the 3rd of
October already uh somehow and it's kind
of hard to believe that the fourth
quarter has already kicked off. We're
going to be looking at a specific amount
of money of dry powder uh particularly
$2,617
and ask ourselves how to best invest
that amount of money before the end of
the year, which is rapidly approaching.
We have fewer than 100 days left in
2025. Our general approach here and our
strategy is to buy quality, but also to,
you know, lend some consideration to the
hot narratives out there and a couple of
perhaps overlooked areas that we feel
are not going to stay overlooked for
much longer. So, we're counting down our
favorite altcoins for Q4 2025.
[Music]
Welcome to the channel. My name is
Maddie and this is Altcoin Buzz. All the
best of luck if you choose to invest.
Maybe that's into the selections that
we're going to be covering in this
video. Maybe not, maybe something else
entirely. Whatever the case may be, I
wish you well. Genuinely, just remember
that I'm not a financial or investment
advisor, nor is this video official
financial or investment advice. The
first project that we're going to be
looking at today, and the one to which
we'll be allocating 30% of that $2,617
is going to be one of our favorite
projects. That is BitTensor. This is
probably just about the most non-hyped
project in the entirety of the crypto
industry with perhaps uh one other
exception that we'll get to later. But
that being said, it's working on
something very important, decentralized
artificial intelligence. There are
currently 128 different subnets, each
one exploring a different area of
decentralized AI. So some of them do
things like uh model training. Some do
inference or machine learning. Some are
for creating a specific agent uh such as
for maybe investing, sports betting. A
lot of different subcategories here. The
point is that each subnet is doing
something in AI. And if you want, you
can allocate some of your tow tao
directly to a subnet that you like,
whatever it is that you may choose, that
you may gravitate towards, but you don't
have to. And arguably one of the more
interesting subnets is shoots. Uh
they're doing the a cache render model
of renting out powerful GPUs for the
computing power necessary to run and
train uh AI models which uh obviously
require a lot of resources. They are
Subnet 64 and have a market cap of about
$75 million.
Everything would indicate here that
they're just getting started. And then
other BitTensor news includes the
Stillcore Capital Fund. uh it's
investing only in Bit Tensor and its
subnets. It will invest in tokens just
like you and me as well as make seed
investments into new subnets. And now
they're capping the limit at 128
subnets. So any that underperforms could
get kicked out through dregistration. Uh
if that happens then another project can
come in and take that subnet space just
in case some of these subnets uh some of
these projects needed extra motivation
to be successful. There is that impetus
obviously to succeed and do well which I
would argue is a good thing and I would
argue AI as a trend has kind of been a
little bit out of the spotlight lately.
That's our advantage. I don't think it's
going anywhere personally. Uh what this
means is that we can jump in now and get
some extra gains when the story gets hot
once again. I am very very certain that
it will tao as I record is just at about
$323.
This is a good buy. Uh the recent high
for context was $75 in late December.
Right now we have a market cap of $3.1
billion
and I think we could very easily
challenge the the previous all-time
highs once things get moving again. Once
again, my contention is that they will.
Quick shout out to Serge here. This is
our risk-free prediction game that's
available on Telegram. And in this game,
you just swipe left or right. You can
kind of think hamster combat or even
Tinder. You're swiping to guess whether
a crypto asset pumps or dumps. And in
the process, you earn rewards and
actually hopefully you can pick up some
market skills as well while you're at it
in the form of technical analysis.
They've also kicked off a weekly
giveaway. It's a contest that is super
simple. Every week there's a coin of the
week. This week it is to tao and all you
have to do is swipe to find it in the
Surge app. Then once you see it,
screenshot it and then drop it under
their tweet. One random reply wins $50
in USDT. It is super easy, but in order
to win and have a chance at winning, of
course, you have to at least
participate. So, check out Surge, have
some fun swiping, and maybe snag some
cool prizes along the way. Check out the
links, the URLs in the description of
this video below to participate. Okay,
our second choice here for another 30%
allocation is Hyperlid and the Hype
token, HYP. This project represents the
leader of what is probably the main
story right now at this point in the
market cycle. That is the growth, the
aggressive and explosive growth of
perpetual dexes, decentralized
exchanges. These just are exchanges
platforms that offer perpetuals trading.
And really, despite all the publicity
that Aster is getting, we've covered
that recently. Hyperlid right now, as of
this recording, is still the leader in
this particular category. And we like
how the hype token is centered around
the community users uh as well as
incentives to use and profit from the
platform. It's what we wish really all
tokens would do. The fact is that many
don't. Uh but as far as what Hype is
doing, we can really get behind it. It's
uh impressing us in that sense. Hype
just aird dropped 4600 Hyper NFTts to
its community on Monday. earlier this
week. The NFTs alone generated $65
million in trading volume in 24 hours
and the floor price uh is uh as of this
recording $65,000.
So that's a sweet deal uh for the
community. Plus doing what you say
you're going to do and earning the
community money is just uh a great
fundamental way to attract and retain
loyal users. That is what Hyperlid is
doing. It's what they have been doing.
And the result has been a very loyal
community. That is why we respect this
project. It's why we like it so much.
Even if Aster is hopping on the hype
train right now, even if it were to one
day surpass Hyperlid, you got to give
these guys respect. The Hype token once
again, HYPE, hit its all-time high of
just under $60 about two weeks ago.
Today, it is trading at just above $49.
So, we're looking at about a 25% gain
just to challenge that recent all-time
high of $60. Hyperlid will do that uh
and more if they just keep looking out
for their community and their token the
way they have so far. Every indication
is that they will. We're dealing right
now with a $13.2 billion market cap, but
I would strongly argue that the best
days for this platform and this token uh
still lie ahead. Next up with a 20%
allocation of our $2617,
we have Chainlink. This, of course, is
one of our favorite nonRWA
technically, but still also RWA plays,
right? Real world assets. U every RWA
platform needs an oracle to get accurate
pricing into its platforms, and all of
them basically use chain link for this.
You may have heard that it's working
with Swift to tokenize assets and use
crypto rails to move and settle money
faster. Chainlink is actually doing it
and link also announced their new
digital transfer agent standard that UBS
among others uh and other banks are
using. UBS is working with Chain Link on
the Swift project as well. By the way,
not to mention Wales and other smart
money are buying LK Link pretty
aggressively right now uh at faster
rates than we've seen before. It's just
simply one of the key pieces of crypto
infrastructure to bring TRFI onchain.
And everyone is hopefully, I would
argue, beginning to understand how
important this is. The Link token, LK,
is up, as you can see, nearly 70% uh in
the last 3 months. It's doing okay. Up
even more than that in the last 12
months. Right now, we're just above $22.
Uh it's still, believe it or not, uh
more than double away from its all-time
high of $52. Uh and so this one is a
project that doesn't get a lot of hype,
a lot of sensationalism, but it's doing
such important work. Uh and it's really
the undergirling hero behind the
infrastructure of cryptocurrency. So as
such, we expect I very much expect
Chainlink to challenge this old all-time
high $52, uh before this market cycle is
over. This is a personal favorite of
mine. I think uh it's going to surprise
a lot of us. Last but not least here, we
have to talk about ADA and Cardano. This
one is getting our last 20% uh of that
$2,617
allocation. We talked about Tao and Bit
Tensor being a very minimal hype kind of
project, but the same goes for Chainlink
that we just talked about and the same
certainly goes for Cardano uh which as a
project is making massive strides in
stable coins and this of course is an
area where you know arguably they did
fall behind. Cardano that is they fell
behind some of their peers. Um Midnight
the privacy platform is making some big
moves though right now its new
partnership with Google Cloud is
bringing privacy and plus it's a full
partnership on both sides meaning Google
Cloud is going to run a Cardano
validator. That is encouraging if you're
a fan of ADA. Plus Cardano is continuing
its good work to become a layer 2 for
Bitcoin and home for BTCFI. Cardano is
compatible with Bitcoin since, as you
may know, both of them use the same UTXO
system for managing transactions.
Cardano hasn't been getting all that
much love lately, but it's upund and
nearly 50% uh in the last year. It's as
I record right now at 85.5 cents with an
all-time high, however, at $39.
Our video from a couple of days ago in
particular outlines why we think Q4 is
going to be a really really important
time for Cardano based on a lot of
things, a lot of important dates coming
up. Uh, and that should at least
logically extend into very positive
price action for ADA. Check out that
video if you haven't already. But in
short, we expect Cardano to keep
growing, to possibly do another double
before the cycle ends, possibly
challenge its old all-time high. Let me
know your thoughts about that. Uh, and
to sound off uh, not only in the
comments section below, but more
generally in discussions that we're
having, myself, the rest of the staff,
check us out on Discord and on X. You
can find those links in the description
of this video below.