So, you got liquidated last Friday.
Don't worry, you're not alone. Lots of
people did. And you feel like you're
never ever going to be able to make your
account back if you don't trade on
futures. But that's simply not the case.
I actually got my starts trading crypto
way back over here in 2017,
basically 8 years ago. Right about here
is where I jumped in. You know what? It
was a great time for trading initially
and I had a great time except for all of
this monkey business that happened as
soon as BTC moved up here to about
$20,000. Then we proceeded to see it
lose about 45% of its value in 5 days,
shoot back up a little bit, not so bad,
and then it really puked. And then it
really puked some more back over here in
2018. Now, the point is not to gloat
about, oh yeah, I've been around here
for such a long time. Nor is the point
to be, well, if you just bought and held
Bitcoin at $19,000, you'd be in a lot of
profit right now. No, the point is that
many of you have experienced a
devastating loss because of crazy market
manipulation, whether it's a single day
wick or some sort of liquidation event.
And the reality is that I actually grew
the bulk of my portfolio during this
time as BTC was going down with this one
simple trading method that I'm going to
share a little bit with you today here
on Coin Bureau Trading. What's up? My
name is Aaron Dishner from the Better
Traders and you're watching Coin Bureau
Trading. Go ahead and slam that
subscribe button and we're going to get
right into it in today's video. So, what
I am talking about is something that I
go into much more depth in something
else I'm going to share with you a
little bit later, but it essentially is
called AB Trading, which stands for
account building. I love the comments
that I get from this because a lot of
you laugh like, "Wait, isn't the idea of
trading in general just to grow your
account?" Yes, I understand. But AB
trading is different. AB trading is
different because there are three
different strategies on it. There is
aftershock pumps,
there are uh fat finger fishing
opportunities
and then there is channel trading. So,
the main thing you have to understand
about this is that I'm not going to give
you all the details into what all three
of these are, but I am going to share
the first one with you because I think
this is genuinely the best time to build
a portfolio after we've had a massive
pullback because this one alone helped
me to grow my portfolio massively,
especially in a bare market. Now, the
other two are really helpful as well,
but we're just going to focus on
aftershock pumps. So, what's an
aftershock pump? Well, we don't really
see them too much on Bitcoin, but let's
just go ahead and use one of these as an
example. Let's go somewhere like
it doesn't really happen on BTC that
much to be honest and that's kind of the
point as well. But let's say that this
is a a pump that we see on BTC, right?
We got a nice big pump of 16 18%. The
idea of an aftershock pump is that a
couple of days later, we're going to see
a move of equal or lesser value. And
that's essentially right there our
aftershock pump. Essentially, it's after
the market gets super overheated, we
have a retrace, and then we have a
follow-up move. This right here is not
an aftershock pump. And it's really
difficult to find them on BTC,
especially back over here. Honestly,
it's almost impossible to find them
because BTC is such a liquid chart. And
that is a key ingredient to this
strategy. So, where are we going to find
charts like that? Well, one way that we
can actually find them, there are
actually two really good ways, but the
first way is over here on Trading View.
You can't see it. I need to go ahead and
move my face. Oh my gosh, I didn't even
think about this. This is awkward.
Ready? So, we're going to hit this
button right here that says screeners.
I'm going to move my face again so you
can actually see.
Good. Um, so I have a screener right
here that we're going to just use uh to
find charts for pumps. This is the first
part. So, I have a great screener right
here. It's already set up. Now, it's set
up to look for pumps on Coinbase, buy
Binance, Bybit, Kcoin. There are tons of
other exchanges that you can use and
definitely use ones that you are u
actively trading on. Okay, we're going
to focus on spot because AB Trading does
not work well on perpetuals at all. For
the quote currency, I have two selected.
USD because that's favorable to people
that are on Coinbase and USDT, which is
favorable to everybody else. you don't
have either of those. Okay, so we can
just do USDC. We can do whatever. Now,
in the past, I used to trade against BTC
a lot. And if you're looking to trade
against BTC, it is extremely risky now.
And many exchanges have delisted BTC as
their quote currency. So, for the sake
of an example, and to basically make
this future proof, I think it's better
to go with stable coins. Okay. Now, this
is the important part, and you're going
to laugh at me, but I want you to just
understand why I'm doing this. The first
thing we want to do is we want to
identify charts that have already had
massive pumps. 30% and above. It's
already a default change here. We could
also do 30% and below, but we're not
really focusing on that right now. But
30% and above is good. Secondly, volume.
This is really important. We can use a
manual setup, which is awesome. For
instance, we should be able to use Oh,
it's not going to let us do between.
Unfortunately, this is the one drawback.
Um, but we want to do
1 million and above. Yeah, it's safer.
It's much better to do between 1 million
and something else, but it it's okay.
So, based off of this, looking at all
four of these exchanges with these two
currencies, it gives us nine results.
And these are by no means the only pairs
that you should be trading. But I want
to show you these on purpose. Why?
Because they've all had pumps, big pumps
recently. In the last 24 hours, some of
them have had massive change. H on Bybit
has pumped 155%. Uh Noise on Coinbase
has pumped uh 31% in the last 24 hours.
These are the kind of charts that we
want to identify. Now, why do we want to
focus on these charts? Especially if
these are low cap charts. I trust me, I
understand. Now, we could flip the
script and do 1 million and below, and
we'll find a lot of these. Honestly,
these are the kinds of charts that I
used to trade a lot, but these require a
lot of patience. But we're actually
going to start right here on this chart.
This is actually a really good one uh
for the purpose of what I'm talking
about. And I need to scoot myself back
over here in this nice little circle. I
totally messed it up. Oh my gosh, I'm
not going to be able to fix that. It's
going to drive me crazy. So, this right
here is the best example of an
aftershock pump that I could possibly
give you. we have an incredible pump
that happens like this one right here.
Massive move. This low cap gem on Kcoin
pumps 200% and we can see basically a
day later it does the same exact thing
although not up to the same value but a
little bit lower than that. We can even
see this happening multiple times
between this big pump here and this big
pump here that was basically separated
by 24 days. Even this move right here up
22% 23% is nuts. So the idea of
aftershock pumps is really simple. Find
a chart that continues to give over and
over and over and we trade the chart
until it stops giving over and over and
over. And typically these charts do give
over and over. Now I will say that I
learned how to trade in a downtrend. And
for a lot of you that's not going to be
very fun. But moves like this where you
see the chart give you 100 plus%. This
is how you can grow your account on the
spot market pretty quick. Now let's
address the obvious elephant in the
room. The reality of these charts,
especially the exchange gives it away.
KCoin is a very low volume exchange. So
if we look at this pump that happened
here on the 27th of March 2025,
we could see two things. There's a
problem. This pump today or not today in
this day was only $115,000
$15,000 USDT to be exact.
That's nothing. If we compare that to
BTCUSDT,
even on KCoin, we're actually going to
go like this.
There's way more trading volume in any
given day. 134 million um back here in
April, 586 million. Why in God's name
would we want to trade a chart like this
that has super low volume? Well, let's
revisit the facts, shall we? If I'm not
mistaken, you're the person that's
watching this because unfortunately, you
might have been liquidated and you don't
have a lot of starting capital anymore.
This is why this style of trading is so
lucrative because you don't need a ton
of money to get started. I made a video
on my own channel talking about how much
money you should use for different
trading strategies. And honestly, if you
have below $1,000, you can use this
really, really simple strategy to grow
your portfolio. Now, this portfolio
means that you have to know when to take
profit and how to take profit. And these
are things that I cover in depth and in
detail with the links that are down
below. And this is where things get
really important to pay attention to.
For one, you're going to need an
exchange to trade on. Whether it's FEMX,
BYDI, or Tubbit, you will be wanting to
trade on the spot market, not the
futures market for AB trading. It does
not work well. Could you make a lot
more? Sure, you could, but you could
also lose everything just like a lot of
people did last Friday. Now, there are
way more deals, and this is where it's
really important to go next. Whether
it's FEMX to sign up there to get
bonuses, by defy, Tubbit, but really,
there are way more deals here on Coinb's
website. And this is the place to go to
get all the details, the lowdown, the
the skills, the tools, the coaching,
literally the game plan for how to
become a successful AB trader. I'm
showing you the concept of AB trading.
I'm not going to be giving everything
away in this video, but honestly, for a
lot of you that are still cryptocheos
because of last Friday's wash out, this
is honestly gold right now. You don't
need a ton of money. Let's address some
obvious questions. Now, if these charts
regularly have and we are using the free
TBT base to quote currency converter,
which is a free indicator provided from
the better traders my company that
converts the base currency bitcoin into
the quote currency tether US. Why?
Because having an idea of how much
Tether is being used for these trades
gives us an idea. I'm going to give away
another core secret, which I really
shouldn't, but it's extremely important
to know. The reason why we have this
awesome indicator, is because there will
be moments where we see volume well
underperforming this moving average,
which is what this yellow line is.
Notice the moving average here is like
at $30,000. So, the rule of thumb for AB
trading, at least for me, is I never
want to exceed 10% of the yellow line's
amount. So that means that I could put
up to $2,000 into this trade even on
these days that only have trading volume
up to like $5,000, $3,000, $4,000.
Okay. So if we take that same idea back
over here and we're looking at the
trading volume on the spot market again
on this really low cap market or low cap
gem, I love how they're always called
gems, right? Is at $20,000. So then
we're going to do no more than $2,000
into this trade. This is why this is so
effective. No, I'm not trying to find
out when the pumps are going to come.
I'm not waiting for anything. I'm not
trying to identify these setups so that
way I know exactly when it's going to
pump, how high it's going to pump. I
actually want to be late. Why? Because
chances are when charts have these
massive mega pumps like this, they will
typically lose most of their value and
crash all the way back down. Now,
obviously, this one doesn't, and this is
actually part of what I teach in the
course. Again, I'm giving you guys too
much. You better be liking this video a
lot. But what I like to do is I like to
measure out this range, even just using
the measuring tool on Trading View. So,
see how we have this blue line right
here showing us the halfway line. I want
to go down here to like 25% or so, maybe
20%. This is where I put my order in.
And again, I don't want to exceed the
yellow moving average. Up until this
point, the chart looks really bearish
and really bad. Actually, let me uh
escape out of this cuz I want to I want
you to see this. We see a huge pump and
then volume absolutely drops to nothing.
We see the moving average at 26926.
So, this means that I could add a
position here if I'm feeling it and I
really want to get into this position. I
like how things look. Then what I'm
going to do is I'm not going to aim for
the tippy top. I'm going to aim for just
below it. See how there's this wick
right here? I want to aim for just
inside that wick that says 91%.
So, let's say for the sake of an
example, I put in all $2,000, which I do
not recommend. There are strategies to
this. It's really important that you
don't just ape into stuff. There's a
reason for what I'm showing you, too.
Like, I I'm trying to help you guys get
started, but this is by no means the
end- all beall strategy. There's way
more to it. But, for the sake of an
example, let's say I put in $2,000,
looking to make profit at around 96% or
even 100%. Well, lo and behold, just a
couple of days later, we see a massive
pump that yields not just 100%, but it
actually goes up 166% in total profit on
a massive pump. Why do these happen?
Well, this is crypto, especially crypto
for low cap gems.
The reality is that yes, you can grow a
small account extremely quickly. The
idea behind AB trading is that you want
to identify charts that you really like
and in the market cap range that you're
really comfortable with. So maybe you
don't like these coins that are under a
million. I don't blame you. Maybe it's
H. Maybe it's K, maybe it's Alice, my
neighbor Alice, which has done this a
lot. And also understand that it doesn't
have to be a super duper low volume
exchange either. This is Coinbase. We
saw Alice pump up 44% yesterday. But
notice what happened back over here last
week. We saw it push up from here up
114%.
So, we could take the same concept
looking at the 30-day moving average of
volume at $35,000.
So, we can say, "Okay, so I'm not going
to put in more than $3,500 into this
trade. I place the trade at support.
Even though it goes against me, even
though I might be panicked, guess what?
70% in profit. Now, there's way more to
this strategy. Trust me, this is not
everything, but it works extremely well
to help you grow your small account.
Now, I want to draw your attention to
all Trading X because this is the
important part. This is actually where I
do all of my trading. Um whether it's on
buy, Binance, any of the supported
exchanges, this is really, really
critical. Not only does it have a
built-in scanner here, so I can say,
well, I only want to look for USDT
pairs. I want to filter in volume that
is basically from uh we'll do a 100,000
USD and I don't want to exceed
uh 3 million I believe that is I can't
see exactly. There we go. We need one
more zero. So we need
100,000 to 3 million USD. Perfect. I can
also do 24-hour price change. I can do
all this stuff and it's going to filter
out everything that fits my criteria
also on the exchanges that I'm
interested in. So let's say that INSP
here on buy, this is one that's doing
really well currently and it's actually
pumped a lot. This is one that has done
extremely well that I've actually traded
quite a bit. You can see the same
concepts playing out here 117%.
It goes back down here to support and
now it's up 50% since pumping or excuse
me since retracing all the way back
down. And the cool thing about this is
that we have this scanner that's already
set up so we can find the best pairs for
us. And let's say I really like this
one. I want to use it for AB trading,
which I've already done. Not that I have
an open position on this one, but it's
been really good to me. This is a great
way to find coins. Plus, there's also a
quick scan setting. So, I can go over
here and I can choose any of these
different settings. So, let's say I want
to have my AB trading setting, which
means that I'm going to be looking at
the 15-minute time frame on the KCo coin
exchange on the USDT market, looking for
pumps or dumps greater than 12% or less
than 12%. I can even exclude markets. I
can customize all this stuff. And when
these things happen, like it just did
for ARPA, which has just pumped up
12.25%.
Well, now guess what? I have Alt Trading
literally giving them to me. Whereas on
Trading View, I'm going to have to watch
this and keep an eye on it and recycle
it over and over. Basically, I have
built-in alerts already here on Alt
Trading, which makes this the superior
platform for automated crypto trading in
my opinion. Now, I know that not all of
you have access to Altra and again,
there are links to sign up for Altra
actually in the description below. Don't
believe me? It's literally right there
below all this fun stuff. You can get
12% off with the code coin bureau TBT.
Now, the main thing you have to take
away from the strategy is that there are
a couple of criteria. One, you will want
to focus on low market cap coins. Why?
Because these ones are way more
susceptible to pumps and dumps. Two, we
want to find charts that have previously
pumped. And you can set this value to
whatever you want it to be, whether it's
100%, 30%, whatever. But understand that
this is not a get-richquick scheme. It
is still work, if not more work than
leverage trading. You will have to wait.
You have to be patient. And you'll also
want to consider the course that we have
at the better traders just because
jumping into this blindly with what I've
given you so far, you're going to get
burned. Now, the last thing to consider
about this is to focus on price action
and trading at basically between all
these pumps and dumps. If you remember
from that chart that I shared with you
on Trading View on KCoin, it had these
amazing pumps and then these like little
ones in between. You should be trading
all of that as much as possible. And
there are ways to actually make a whole
lot more profit with AB trading. Again,
I lay all this stuff out in the courses.
I can't give everything away, but this
is enough to help you get back on your
feet faster than you would believe.
Again, I started using this strategy
back in 2018. All three of them,
aftershock pumps, which is which is what
I shared with you, fat finger fishing,
and channel trading. All this helped me
to grow my account during the 2018 bare
market, and I'm confident that all of
you can do it as well. So again, head on
to the link that's down there to check
out our course at the bettertraders.com.
Let me know what you think about this. I
am ready for all of the flamed comments
that are just singed and ready to roast
me saying, "Why would you ever trade in
these low volume charts?
Why would you ever trade with 100x
leverage?" I mean, pick your poison. But
honestly, this strategy has worked
extremely well. And I've helped many,
many, many people, dare I say, since
2019, it has to be thousands by this
point. I haven't even checked, do the
same strategy to help them grow their
accounts in bull or bare markets. So
again, head on over to the better
traders, use the link that's in the
description book uh description below.
And before you go, watch this video. And
until the next time, you know what to
do. Stay awesome and stay in the green.
Peace.