Hey everyone, welcome back to Crypto
Cash. Thank you so much again for
joining me here. I hope you're having a
phenomenal day. Welcome aboard to those
new subscribers who just came along. Uh
thanks for always hitting the like
button, maybe even commenting below. Let
me know what do you think we're going to
see here next. Are we going to continue
to establish higher highs for Bitcoin
and break our most recent all-time high
from last night? Let's see what's going
on here. Now, taking a look really
quick, we're going to understand
specific order block data as well as
some CME gaps here, our 7-day, 3-day,
and Bitcoin dominance and altcoin
dominance comparison. And then, of
course, just kind of round it out with
some u you know, liquidation data here
that's super important. We got some
obvious things here that are going to
happen here soon when we see these kind
of liquidation events occurring. Okay,
so be sure to stick around. We got an
important one today. Let's take a look.
All right, folks. Before we jump into
the backend data, just got some quick
updates here for you just regarding the
posts that I sent out on social media.
Uh just a quick heads up, government
shutdown since 1981. We've seen 10 of
them and most of them lasted a very
short period of time up until the recent
past. So last four of them have averaged
roughly about 15 days. So we could see
the government reopen here in the
relative near future. Only reason why
that's relevant here is because this
most recent one, 2018, we saw a 50%
correction from Bitcoin roughly two or
three weeks after that happened. So just
be mindful that there is still potential
for uh a reckoning to happen and for us
to be pumping into this makes very
little sense to me. Once more, that's
just strictly a fundamental catalyst.
Obviously, these things never truly make
a lot of sense. Uh just jumping into our
Bitcoin liquidation heat map delta and
open interest. We do have some key
levels here at 117 and roughly 119 here
is a local support ranges. Those are
previous highs and also volume support.
Majority liquidation here has been
swept. We saw the 120 to 124k range and
now 124 to 126. Uh there's late shorts
at 126 to 128. But liquidation delta is
good and open interest is looking very
supportive in the 118k range. So now
that we've understood that kind of
foundation there and we look at the open
interest here or sorry more important
open uh order blocks here. These are
open uh positions that are looking to
get filled. We can see a pretty heavy
sell order at 1235. So it leads me to
believe if we go any higher we're
probably going to see the price reject
out of that area. Once more that's just
kind of a local resistance. Now to touch
on resistances or supports or more so
just you know gravitational um magnetic
if you will for lack of better terms uh
concepts here these are this is
basically just Bitcoin Ethereum and
Salana CME future gaps. So these are
getting fil formed right now. We can see
right now that CME futures closed on
Friday at 1235. What do you know we have
a pretty significant order block there.
Um and that's what what you would refer
to as a resistance right? So
hypothetically the price comes up to
1235 when the market opens which is here
in just a few hours and then of course
uh we see the price turn around from
there. So just keep in mind Bitcoin has
a CME gap upwards of 1235. Ethereum has
a CME gap at 4570
and then Salana has a CME gap at 235. So
all three of these coins could very well
pump before the price pulls back again.
All right. So just some kind of friendly
advice there when you trade CME gaps. uh
just be mindful the price is generally
going to turn around when it hits or
fills that lower or upper range
depending on the direction it's heading.
All that said, looking here at the 7-day
time frame, this is basically the weekly
time frame. This is an important thing
to kind of walk away from here. In other
words, we have closed or sorry, we're
due to close above our previous all-time
high weekly candlestick closure. In
other words, we've never closed above
119,500
and we're well above that now. So that
reinforces potential support at 1195
which is a rough estimate of 120,000.
It's the easy round number to remember.
So that's an area of confluence. Uh
another area of confluence is once again
the 109K range and then obviously
101,000. The only thing I I want to
point out here for you too is just that
we do have a double top forming. Okay?
Uh you could even argue it's a triple
top because there's one previous uh
candle wick up there. Uh generally
speaking, when you look at patterns like
this, right, we saw a previous double
top pattern where we kind of continued
higher for a few months. Price action
hits it its current, you know, high,
pulls back, comes back up again, hits
that same level, but goes just a little
bit higher, and then pulls back
inevitably, right? So, if you look at
that same exact pattern, it matches up
pretty well with what we got going on
here, doesn't it? So that leads me to
believe that we are due to potentially
continue a little bit lower here in the
relative near future now that that upper
range has been swept. Okay. So once
more, this is just kind of market maker
101. They're trapping you into late
longs. So you can FOMO in to this new
all-time high territory and get
absolutely destroyed. So hypothetically,
I think we're more likely to go down
than up based on the sentiment alone.
Okay. Now, there's going to be a lot of
other things we're going to see here on
smaller time frames that tell us we're
going higher, right? So, I don't want
you to attach yourself to a mindset of
either either direction. The concept
here is that we've got to kind of be
patient, see if the price pulls back,
uh, but also consider averaging into
long positions because there's a good
chance this is um, this is the stopping
point before we continue much higher.
Right? So, here's the 3-day time frame.
This tells us a little bit different of
a story. We've maintained above our
channel here, our channel range, both
moving averages, the 20 and the 50, and
we have a significant MACD convergence.
And we can also see the break above that
20-day SMA for the three-day. So the
3-day time frame also looks pretty
awesome. Okay, so this leads us to
believe that we're more likely to go
higher than lower, right? And most signs
on most time frames are going to
indicate further upside. Even the weekly
looks bullish, too. Don't get wrong. I
just want you to understand that those
those kind of patterns, they have a
tendency of manifesting themselves, not
because they're patterns, but because
manipulation occurs. And since we just
barely swept that upper range of
liquidation above our previous all-time
high, it leads me to believe we're going
to pull back now. And the likelihood of
further continuation lower is higher, at
least to that 119, 117, maybe worst case
110k range. Okay, so that's kind of
where we're at there. At this point, I
think market makers are going to try to
trap people into late longs and they're
going to pull the price action down and
then once every everybody's scared to
death, then they're going to pump it up.
All right, that's the potential
hypothetical here for us. All right, so
take a look here. This is your this is
the the Bitcoin dominance chart. Bitcoin
dominance is on the top left. Bottom
left is Ethereum. We can see it's kind
of running flat. Stable coin dominance
is on the top right which is common.
When money is flowing into Bitcoin, you
see money flowing away from uh stable
coins. And then we also see, of course,
altcoin dominance increasing. Now, if we
do take a look over at our Discord here,
I have this pinned in our education
section. The concept here is when
Bitcoin dominance goes up, the price of
Bitcoin goes up too. Uh or sorry,
correction. When those two things happen
together rather bitcoin dominance goes
up and the bit bitcoin price goes up
which we're mostly seeing altcoins are
tend have a tendency of going down. All
right so what we're really truly looking
for is for bitcoin dominance to go down
which it hasn't yet and for altcoin uh
season to essentially occur when the
price of bitcoin goes higher. So, the
problem we're running into right now is
that Bitcoin dominance isn't budging,
which essentially puts us in this
category here of stable coins um or
sorry, stability rather in Bitcoin
dominance, providing us with a 1:1 ratio
for most alts. So, as you saw here,
there's a great chance that uh if
Bitcoin pulls back, altcoins will pull
back with it because they're paired uh
as a 1:1 ratio. So once more on this
channel here, I really like to identify
um you know comparative analysis between
coins and obviously identify outliers.
That's how we're able to stay fairly
fairly successful and a lot of that
derives from liquidation. So let's look
at liquidations here and see if there's
any altcoins that may be suffering that
imbalance or outperforming versus
Bitcoin. In the last 30 days here, we
can see there's very little liquidation
left to the upside. Okay, 126,000 is
that small little chunk above, but we
have a pretty significant chunk of
120.5. We identified that yesterday. And
then 118,
117, and 1155. So there's that big area
of volume here between 1155 and 1175.
Rough estimate 118. And that's an area
I'm most interested in considering a
long if we were to pull back to that
level. Now, this is the last 24 hours.
We can see the very very mischievous uh
you know, wicks up here to sweep all the
late the late shorts or and then now
pulling back to sweep the late longs.
It's just this is market maker 101. It's
like as if it never happened, right?
We're right back to where we started on
the beginning of the weekend, but almost
everybody is completely destroyed. It's
just very standard stuff. Um, and we
look here as well as a liquidation heat
map. We can recognize there's what
that's a 3:1 almost 4:1 ratio of uh
Bitcoin shorts versus longs. So, we got
a 4:1 ratio for Bitcoin. Ethereum's like
a 2:1 ratio for shorts. That implies
sustainability and more likelihood of
holding its current price point. So,
Ethereum is still looking quite strong.
We're seeing a very similar scenario
here for Salana as well. Uh and then the
handful of others too, you can see
majority of low market cap coins are
seeing that inverse pairing here where
more longs are getting liquidated than
shorts. Um so they're they're getting
hit a lot harder. So if you're trading,
you know, non-top 100 coins, you're more
likely to get stopped out because
they're much more volatile. Obviously,
that's redundant because we know that
low market cap coins are such, but
they're even more so of a correction
right now than than out of the top 100
or top 10, if you will. So, that's
generally why I like to stay in the top
uh top 100 in most cases when I trade
altcoins. All that being said, we can
see here that there's just a tremendous
amount of ETF net inflow. Okay? So, that
increases sustainability, more
likelihood of further continuation,
higher in the overall sense. Now,
oftentimes when I study these ETF net
inflows, for the most part, you're going
to see these es and flows pretty
consistent. In other words, we've been
moving. We moved five days in a row
without a without retracement, right?
What do you think is going to happen
now? This next week, do you think we're
just going to keep going up? It seems
very illogical to presume we're going to
go higher right now based on massive
overextensions and not only volume, but
also liquidation. Okay, quick heads up
to my traders. Make sure you take full
advantage of this offer here from Bit
Unix. There's a significant deposit
reward bonus as well as a $16,000
individual reward uh for just trading on
the exchange. If you use my link to
register in the past, you're
automatically eligible. If you use my
link to register now, you're eligible
for all future trading bonuses and
competitions. Check out the links down
below for more information. So, let's
jump in the back end here, see if
there's anything we can identify. Um, we
can, you know, we can zoom in here and
just kind of recognize there's way more
liquidation piling up to the downside.
We are now in a greed type of scenario
here where greed is starting to
overpower. People are starting to foam
in. Shut up and take my money. That's
what everyone's doing right now. And in
that case, when that happens, you
generally want to sell the sell the
greed. All right. So, the concept here
remains the same. Consider selling the
greed and buying the fear. We bought the
fear back here at 110K. Happy we did. We
took some nice profits on the way up.
Now that we're somewhat maxed out with a
double top on the weekly, it seems
practical for the price to pull back at
least to sweep the majority of these
liquidation levels to the downside. So,
just some food for thought there. We can
see, of course, uh top trader margin is
low over the weekend, which is good. Uh
basically just implying that we're
seeing a lot more uh institutional and
whale traders trading. So, we got a
pretty significant amount of uptick here
for 100,000 to $1 million positions. And
if we look at the, you know, 10 10 to to
100,000 range, we can also see that
increasing too as the price goes higher.
So that does increase the odds of the
price going lower now because if you see
retail traders are kind of like, what
the heck just happened? They're not
active at all. And the main reason why
is because they're getting liquidated,
right? So that's just kind of the
concept there. So overall, when we look
at the open interest ranges on the far
right hand side, the most relevant open
interest range for us is 118,000. That's
an easy round number. It's like 1177.
But the concept is that this that's the
previous high, right? Previous high
hasn't been retested as a new low yet.
It should have been, but it hasn't. So
that's exactly why we're probably going
to see that. Keep in mind open interest
ranges open uh work as uh as magnets in
a lot of ways where the price gravitates
towards it. So all that said, if we look
at that and we combine that kind of here
with liquidation delta, it is tapering
off, but it's still massively
overextended at 20 billion plus. It's
way too much. If we look on the lefth
hand side, this is the macro
perspective. this last 30 days of
liquidation. We can see 126 to 128 is
effectively that upper range, which
seems um like a potential reality at
this point considering how fast the
price ws up yesterday, but that was just
a standard short squeeze. Okay, Saturday
night at 7:00 p.m. we get a significant
notification here. If you're if you're
part of our community, you'll you'll get
these um these whale alerts here.
Basically basically letting us know that
we had $780 million purchased in 6
minutes on Saturday night at 7:32 p.m.
Pacific Standard Time. That is stupid.
That is dumb. That shouldn't be
happening on a on a Saturday night. The
reason why it's stupid and dumb is
because it it it manipulates the market,
which is super consistent. So, all that
said, we look at that and we compare
that with our open interest delta 93%.
That's super high. But our uh true
retail longs here is increasing in
percentage that's at 38%. Or sorry 31%
as a delta. Generally speaking the
higher that goes the the the more likely
we are to see capitulation just based on
the simple fact that u you know true
retail long accounts are increasing and
the more the the higher the larger
amount of retail getting getting into
long positions the more likely they are
to get liquidated. Okay. So it's just
that kind of standard that rinse and
repeat. So taking a look here at the
daily time frame. Let's quickly
understand this and call it a day on
Bitcoin here. Let's look here. First of
all, daily time frame, we have some
confluence because I've changed or just
more so just kind of given us some local
fib levels here based on I me feeling
1257 is the highest point we're going to
go for. Now, all that said, we got some
confluence here. What do you know? We
actually have confluence on a fib level.
117,200
is that area, that halfway mark for
Fibonacci retracement, but it's also the
local high that hasn't been retested as
the new low. So, with us being 7 days of
continuation into this pattern, we
probably got about 48 hours more worth
of continuation higher or sideways
before the next leg down. And the reason
why I say that is because you look at
Bitcoin's history, it hits 9 on TD
sequential very often, almost always at
its highest or lowest point. So, we're
at a seven. We've probably got about 40
hours more of continuation before the
next leg down. So, we may see a slightly
pumpy Monday followed by a extra dumpy
Tuesday or Wednesday. That's the rough
estimate there. Um, but overall scenario
here remains the same. We've got
previous high of 120. That's going to be
considered as a support level for us.
Once more, that's that weekly
candlestick closure. We've never closed
above that level until likely today. All
that said, 120 and 117
really easy round numbers to remember.
just kind of rounding down for you.
Those are two solid areas of
consideration for DCA targets. So, I'm
still heavily interested in in a long
position in this range. Okay, that's
kind of the concept. It's difficult to
want to FOMO into an all-time high top,
even though all-time highs have a
tendency of being very euphoric and uh
very irrational. Okay, and I I say that
because it's not like it's an emotional
thing, but that's how people who trade
this are in these situations. And the
more emotionally they are, the more
logical those whale traders are going to
be and they're going to smash the price
and they're going to destroy you. Okay?
So, please understand whale traders are
the enemy, but they're also your friend
if you understand how they think. And
right now, they're thinking they got
some juicy targets here coming up with
those liquidation events to the downside
here to sweep those late longs. Those
are my thoughts. What are yours? Why
don't you comment below? Now, let's go
ahead and take a look at some altcoins.
All right, folks. Let's go and take a
quick look here at Litecoin first and
kind of see what's going on here in the
overall sense. So first things first, we
want to recognize just some areas of
open interest here. And if we kind of
zoom in, this is the last 1 month's
worth of trading. We can see there's
quite a lot of open interest in the
current range. So that implies support
at 120, but also conversely resistance
in that range. Uh we got to recognize
also as well that's super important to
understand. Liquidation long delta is
still quite high. Now most coins are
exuding the same behavior. It's a bit of
a false positive, but it's still higher
than it is at break even. And generally
speaking, that does imply continuation
potential. However, we can kind of see
somewhat of a of a of a type of
ascending channel here with a descending
type of lower high pattern. Generally
speaking, those do break to the
downside. And I want to urge caution in
this coin here based on that metric. Uh
but furthermore too, if we kind of look
at the liquidation, we can kind of
recognize here in the last 7 days, there
is a lot of liquidation below the price
more so than above. This is just the
last one week's worth of trading. But if
we kind of zoom out a little bit
further, it'll probably tell us a
different story. and just letting us
know here that we do have liquidation
left to the upside. Right? So, from a
longer perspective, we got shorts
between 125 and 130, but from a closer
perspective, we can see that 115 to 110.
So, that does kind of imply a short-term
divergence, letting us know that
downside is a little bit more probable
at this point for this coin. Now, what
we want to also understand too is that
this this local high here, this local
high range of 120 to 125 is highly
contested. You can see a lot of selling
pressure here and previously in that
range. Right now we have a lot of
support below the price at 115 114.
That's based on our point of control on
the macro. That's roughly what two two
to three months worth of volume in that
range is the highest. So when we see
that, we want to understand that you got
to respect that level. Okay? So if
you're going to consider shorting a
tighter short to that 115 to 110 range
makes a little bit more sense. You can't
get super greedy on this coin. All that
being said, we see slight divergences
here forming on the daily, but mostly
positive with the money flow index above
the price. And then the 4hour time frame
is letting us know we have pretty solid
continuation potential here with golden
cross below the price. A lot of
confirming factors here, but the pattern
I want to kind of bring to your
attention here is this kind of it's
basically a rising wedge. Uh these are
often times going to be working as a uh
bearish type of indication letting us
know that we're likely to break to the
downside. Okay, so obviously we need to
see the this this trend broken first,
but this is generally construed as a
bearish sign, especially leading into a
key level resistance with extra
liquidation to the downside. So once
more, I like to kind of bring these
different highlighting, you know,
highlighting these points to you in
different ways. The concept here is that
we see a lot of positivity, but also a
bit of a divergence here too with the
current price action and Bitcoin, too.
Okay, so we just got to be kind of
careful on taking a trade of this coin.
Keep your margins tight. Watch it close
if you're going to consider shorting. If
you were looking for a long, a better
place to consider a long would be that
110 to 115 range uh versus just kind of
taking a long right here at the
overextended top. Because you got to
understand Bitcoin has and will likely
see further downside because it's it's
just seeing a Saturday pump on the
weekend. That's just that is so very
untrustworthy. Okay, so that's kind of
the concept there. I hope that makes
sense. Let's go ahead and describe uh
what the back end looks here for chain
link. chain link is actually looking
quite bearish in the overall sense. It
is a massively overextended coin on the
macro. So, we'll talk about that. But
just to double check kind of starting
with the starting point here. First of
all, we look at the backend data here.
We can see from an open interest
perspective. Let's make it a little
easier to see. We can recognize 24 and
25 is that heavy resistance range for
us. And locally, we got a little bit of
openness below the price. So, that open
interest below at 22 does reinforce
support. We can see liquidation long
delta shifted bullish now, which is
good. And as far as liquidation is
concerned, we can zoom in a little bit
here. This is the last 7 days worth of
uh liquidation. There's a chunk down as
low as 2150, also 2350, respectively
above. So, we're smack dab right in the
middle of that. Generally speaking, when
you're in the middle of these ranges, it
can be difficult to trade based on the
fact that there's there's less
continuation potential in either
direction. The price may be ranging
right now before it legs up. But I also
also think that we are definitely in a
position right now where traveling into
this point of control. We have a lot of
resistance above us at 2350. Even if we
were to see that liquidation swept the
likelihood of rejection there is quite
high because we're overextended leading
into it. We're at a seven right now in
TD sequential seeing 7 days worth of
continuation in the same direction.
Haven't broken over 50 in the RSI. Money
flow index is super low. That's usually
a very bearish sign. And we look at the
4hour time frame. We want to understand
too that we're losing 50 in the RSI and
we're starting to diverge on the MACD.
These are all signs here letting us know
that further continuation lower is is
higher and that we're seeing a lot of
weakness in this coin in the short term.
So, I am leaning a little bit more
towards the price action pulling back
than increasing uh specifically if we
break through this this ascending trend
and see a little bearish back test of
that descending trend line of the macro.
Those are things I'm going to be looking
for here for chain link. Just before we
take a look at the next altcoin, I want
to recommend you consider trading with
Bit Unix. If you use my link to register
down below, or have in the past, you'll
always be eligible for future trading
competitions, but this one is awesome.
It's probably the best one I've seen yet
with a full-on $16,000 individual prize
pool as well as a collective prize pool
as well for the top 30 traders. Be sure
to check out the link down below for
more information. Moving on to AVAX.
Double checking this guy here. Avac is
also an overextended coin from a larger
perspective here. While it can go
tremendously higher, it still has a lot
of meat left on the bone that hasn't
been secured in profit. And so, let's
take a quick look here. Let's go and
draw out a trend line, kind of give us
some perspective. That is that trend
line is running concurrent with our
50-day SMA. So, I generally like to draw
my trend lines out with larger moving
averages, specifically the 50. When we
look here at AVAC on the back end,
there's a ton of open interest above the
price between 30 and 32. So, that's
getting more and more on the resistance
side of things. And if we look at AVAC
here too as well, we can see liquidation
short delta is increasing. So this this
coin is ebbing and flowing, right? It's
going up and down and it's not a
significant margin. So that's really not
the best indicator, but it is telling us
for the moment right now, there's still
more liquid uh more people shorting than
taking longs. Taking a look at
liquidation though, of course, we want
to kind of understand there's more to
the upside than the downside, just a
heavier pocket at $32. So, if you end up
taking a short, consider the fact that
we could see $32 first, especially if
Bitcoin pumps to its all-time, you know,
to another all-time high. But if you
look at this range here and you see AVAC
has been stoke on stupid for the last 7
days while Bitcoin is establishing
higher highs and higher lows. That's not
a good pairing. And that does imply
further downside for AVAC. So, taking a
look here at the last uh what the daily
time frame, we are losing 50 on the RSI
or testing it rather. stochastic
swinging down for the second time or no
that's the first swing and then we got
uh MACD is diverging. So those are
generally unfavorable signs. We've been
maintaining below the 208 SMA as well
and if we look at the 4hour time frame
we can understand here is also we're
losing some key level moving averages
and we are below 50 in the RSI. Granted,
low volume on a weekend, it's it makes
sense, but generally speaking, this coin
has been kind of stuck on stupid for a
little while. And this little range that
it's been creating is letting me know
that we're in most likely uh poor shape
to see the price continue higher. More
likely to see a short-term continuation.
If we do see that short-term
continuation, liquidation level, maybe
as low as $29, possibly 28 or 27 would
be some good areas of consideration. So,
if you're going to short 29, 28, 27,
respectively, would be some decent
considerations for take-profit targets
or considering averaging into a long on
the way down, but I don't necessarily
like that idea. I think it's more risky
to take a long with this coin for the
moment. Okay, those are my thoughts on
AVAX. What are yours? Comment below. All
right, take a look here at ICP. Kind of
rounding things out here with ICP.
Actually, no, we're going to do Ono as
well, but just to double check here with
ICP, the backend data is as follows. So,
let's take a look here at ICP and just
kind of recognize open interest is super
heavy at round number $5, but also $440.
So, we're kind of above that local
support, but once more, we're below a
very strong resistance at $5. We can see
liquidation loan delta is quite high.
This coin is actually looking moderately
bullish on the back end. But when we
zoom in a little bit here for the last
seven days, we can see there's a super
big chunk of liquidation both above and
below the price, more so below. So this
coin has a lot of uh a lot of room to
grow but also not in great shape here.
So if we take a look at the daily time
frame, we can see there is a tremendous
amount of open interest uh based on
volume or bas basically just volume
resistance at $490 round number $5.
Okay, we see the most amount of selling
and buying there implying that that's a
resistance for us. We can also see our
local bottom here at about 455 that was
tested multiple times and is currently
being tested right now as resistance. So
until we close above $455, I'm not going
to have any confidence in wanting to
take a long. If I take a long, I'm going
to ensure I secure profits between $490
and $5. Right? That's kind of the
concept there loosely based on the
backend data. Now, when we look at the
daily time frame, not much is really
awesome here. We're seeing a stochastic
swing to the downside and a rejection at
50 in the RSI. So, this coin is looking
like it could very well continue a bit
lower. Uh looking at the 4 hour though,
just to clarify, we can see here that we
are seeing somewhat of an RSI divergence
uh from previous, letting us know that
we're seeing some weakness here. Uh
stoastic swinging down, MACD diverging,
and we're tenatively running towards 50.
While this isn't like a true
unconfirming factor that we're breaking
bearish, there's a decent chance we go
lower here. But once more, this coin has
a lot of conflicting information. So
when we have a lot of bullish and
bearish convergences, what do we do for
that? Pop quiz. The answer is you don't
trade it. Okay, simply put. So, if
you're like got a hard on for this coin,
you're like super interested in it. I
mean, consider a long, I guess, just
because we're over that we're really
close to to to closing above that that
macro resistance, but that's not enough
to want to take a trade. It's like a
5545 split here. Not worth the trade in
my personal opinion. What do you think?
Do you trade ICV? Why don't you comment
below and let us know. All right, let's
move on to Ando. Let's go and round this
out. This one is um interesting to me
because we have always seen that highly
contested $1 mark that is above the
price. We can see obviously 103 to 110
is that open interest range above and
there's also support at 88 to 90. Okay.
Now we can see liquidation short delta
in the red basically implying that we
have continuation potential lower. And
then we also want to recognize too from
a a 7-day standpoint there's more
liquidation below than above. So that
doesn't tell us too much honestly
because it's kind of sparse the amount
of liquidation there. But the general
concept is we're closer to that lower
range. So it make perfect sense
especially with Bitcoin showing some
bearish divergences that we're more
likely to go down lower. So that's kind
of where we're at here for in the back
end. When we look at the daily time
frame, we want to understand here that
we do have kind of a a bullish type of
pattern. It's it's a bit of a stretch,
but we are seeing lower highs still on
the macro uh but parallel lows, right?
So we refuse to close below $88 or
sorry$88. And so that 88cent range is
super supportive. We've also got a macro
support at about 92 cents. So, we're
we're above two key levels right now,
kind of consolidating in that range. So,
this does kind of incentivize the price
to go higher. I just don't love the
Dogey candle we're seeing so far today
with MACD getting fizzled out and 50 and
the RSI being unbroken. So, with Money
Flowex being low, I don't really trust
taking a long here. Even though there
are some positive contributing factors
of support below the price, it's not
enough for me to want to take a long
here. This coin definitely looks a bit
on the weak side. Um, but once more, we
can it just say Bitcoin consolidates,
goes sideways for a couple days, we're
probably going to see ono continue
higher because most alts are doing
fairly well in the overall sense. So,
that's kind of what we're looking at
there. All in all, not terrible, but not
great. What do you do when that happens?
You don't trade. All right, folks. So,
be don't be afraid to to stay on the
sidelines for a lot of this. This is a
weekend trading, too, as well. It's kind
of crazy, but I'm leaning more towards
uh Link and Avac pulling back. But the
other coins here so far, uh I think
we're probably going to see some some
1:1 ratio with Bitcoin. So, those are my
thoughts there. All right, folks. Go
ahead and comment below. Love to hear
it. Thanks again so much for being an
amazing part of my life. Look forward to
seeing you again tomorrow. Take care.