This is the new Xiai SU7 Ultra, and it
is the fastest mass-produced four-door
EV sedan with over 1500 horsepower.
Oops.
[Laughter]
Yes, that's right. This car has got me
slightly worried. Speaking of which,
around the Nurburg Ring. Ow, I thought
we'd stop that. That is the question.
Old 991. It's posted a time of 7 minutes
and 4 seconds. By comparison, the
fastest time a Tesla Model S has done
round the Nurburg Ring is 7 minutes 25
seconds. But that's not the most amazing
thing about this car. It's the price. It
starts from the equivalent of £50,000
in China. It's the quarter a price of a
Porsche Tyan Turbo GT over there. Now,
when they sell it in Europe eventually,
it's probably going to be about £80,000.
But still, that amount of performance
for the money, it's not bad. Or is it?
Well, I'm going to be taking this car
for a drive to find out. Joining the
Autobarn freaking heck. I'll also time
it from naugh to 60 mph and race it
against some insane tuned cars to see
how quick it is over the standing
quarter mile. But this does not go to
plan.
>> He's just blown his engine. Is it I'm
Matt Watson and you're watching Car Wow.
Xiaomi is famous for making electronic
goods such as mobile phones and scooters
and that kind of thing. The SU7 is their
first ever car. This is the Ultra
version. You can think of the SU7 as
being a Porsche Tyan. The Ultra is the
TYON Turbo GT. Do you know what? They've
taken some inspiration from some other
car manufacturers. The lights, for
instance, very much McLaren 720S. Now,
this being the Ultra, you have this
bigger, more aggressive front apron. So,
it improves battery cooling by 10% over
the standard cars. Let's move around to
the side and we'll see some Porsche bits
coming in. Right, that font is very
Porschi. This bit is very much Porsche
Tyan. You got carbon fiber here and on
the door mirrors. £50,000. Side profile
is very possy. Looks good though,
doesn't it? These door handles seem
quite Porsche, although they don't flip
out. They're just like touch sensitive.
Okay. You can get it with a carbon fiber
roof. This one has the glass roof. Alloy
wheel sizes. Let's just see. These are
21s. Quite a nice design. Oh, should
point this out. Carbon ceramic brakes as
standard. £50,000 car. Moving to the
back. This one has upgraded optional
rear wing. If you don't have this rear
wing, you actually have this bootlit
spoiler there which can move up and
down. What is interesting, once again,
for £50,000, this diffuser moves up and
down. Look at that electronically
activated rear diffuser flap.
There's so much going on with this car.
It's mad. As you can see from the
inside, it matches the outside. We've
got two-tone effect here with yellow
contrasting. It's really, really quite
nice. Material quality is generally
pretty good as well. There are some of
the plastics filler a little bit more
budgety and especially when you go lower
down, but overall look. I mean, we got
carbon fiber on here. Alcantara
headlining, carbon fiber, the steering
wheel, and Alcantara. It's amazing. And
I want to show you this cool feature.
So, you got this little display there
that shows the outline of the car. If I
put that key card there and then touch
the brake, watch this. Yay. That rotates
to give you my digital driver's display.
Obviously, we've got heads-up display as
well. And it's a massive heads-up
display. It's huge. And you got this big
screen here. It's all in Chinese, so I
don't understand it. But there is a
little engineering hack, right? Most
people won't know this. See this here?
If I keep on pressing that a lot, it
should make There we go. And then it's
going to change to English.
Now it's in English. And so you got all
these different menus. As you can see,
the responsiveness of this screen is
pretty impressive. But that's always the
way with the Chinese cars. They have
really fast processors. They're really
good at the tech. We've also got like
Apple CarPlay and stuff. And oh, look at
the cameras. Look at the definition of
the cameras. Once again, need to remind
you £50,000.
Okay, what else do you need to know? So,
how do you move the steering wheel? Oh,
you probably have to do it through
blumbing screen, right? Let's see if we
can figure it out.
Oh, I've just opened the bonnet. That
was a mistake.
So, it doesn't just pop up like a Tesla.
Then you have to do it by hand. It does
it electrically. And I can shut it
again. How do you do the steering
column? I will come back to that in a
moment. See if I can figure it out. One
thing that I don't have to figure out,
fan speed there, temperature control
here. So that is nice easy quick access
button. This is actually for the rear
diffuser to make it go up and down. And
then there's this one here which is for
the suspension. We've got air suspension
so we can raise it or lower it using
this little button here. Practicality
wise, well we've got two cup holders
there. Look, grip your bottle. And then
we've got big door bins, which is nice.
Look, there we go. Underneath here we
have some more storage. Under here we
have even more storage. Look at that.
There's more storage in here. Some kind
of weird cup holder there. and the
secret storage just in this compartment.
Plus 12vt socket and wireless charging
here which is cooled which is handy
because you got 50 watt wireless
charging. Speaking of which, my phone
really does need a charge. So I'll just
whack that on there like that. And we've
got USBC's there which are 67 W. Got a
glove box in here. No trickery to open
it like on a Tesla. You don't have to do
it through the screen. But I'm still
trying to figure out how I move the
steering wheel. I feel like I need a car
button on there. How do I go back to
that menu down the side? So I think the
Chinese button is setting button is like
that. The gray one. Yeah.
>> Oh,
>> that's the setting.
>> Oh, do you know what? I thought that was
cuz this is just Wait a minute. So
that's not Apple CarPlay or Apple Maps.
That is clearly stolen a little bit of
the font from Apple, hasn't it? Let's be
honest. Right. So here we go. Controls.
Cuz this menu layer is pretty much like
a Tesla. There we adjust steering wheel
position. Now I can do it.
There we are. That's better. Good. We
got there in the end. Forgot to say
sport seats as standard. Interesting
thing about the sport seats is they have
these side bolsters which actually grip
you as you go around a corner so they
move in and out when you're turning the
steering wheel. So much kit for the
money. Now, if you want to check out the
very latest deals on electric cars in
the UK right now, I'll put a link in the
description of this video and the pin
comment. Alternatively, click on the pop
out banner or scan the QR code on screen
now to check out the latest EV offers
through CarWow. So, quite impressed with
the front seats. What they going to be
like in the back though? It's very roomy
here in the back seats. It's also very
much like a Tesla Model S to be fair
with this glass roof. Head room, you
know, I'm 5 foot 10. It's all right.
Knee room is really good. I really like
these common back bucket seats. Oh, and
they've got these little things where
you can hang things off like I don't
know, your iPad or something. Once
again, I can't believe the price. We've
got more carbon fiber here. And like the
whole feel of the car just extends all
the way into the rear like with the
two-tone effect, the Alcantara, the
leather, the loveliness. I mean, look at
the grab handles. They just feel so
expensive. What else do you need? Oh,
look. Failed to point out colorcoded
seat belts like that. We got ice fixed
anchor points there. So, should be nice
and easy to fit a child seat. You got
cup holders here, which is good. And let
me just check how far will it go. Oh,
that's not very good, is it? Only that
far down. Loads of foot space. I do
think that the seats are quite low to
the floor because of the battery pack
underneath. So, under thigh support
isn't great, and it's hard to stretch
out a little bit into the under the seat
in front because the seats are quite low
down. Any other grumbles? Oh, you got
two USBs there. And that's where you
hold your mobile phone. Look, I'll show
you. Look, just see if it'll fit my
bulky Samsung. Yeah, look. Fine. I
wonder if there's practicality issues in
the boot, though. The boot capacity is
454 L, which is slightly larger than the
equivalent Porsche Tyan sedan. If you
want to see my full video review of that
car along with a load of other electric
cars where we check out their range as
well, click on the pop out banner up
there or scan the QR code on screen now.
It's also a link in the description of
this video. Anyway, the boot is quite a
square shape. The opening for a saloon
is pretty large as well. Oh, there's
some storage nets. This is your 12vt
socket in there. Extra storage under
there. You can keep your charging cables
hidden away in there. Plus, look, you
can fold down the rear seats. So, I'll
just go around. Pull on a lever in here.
Hello. Now, let's go to the front.
You've already seen me open the front
boot using the screen, but there's
actually a little button there as well.
Look, press that.
It's good to have options, isn't it? And
it's not the deepest front boot, but it
is quite big. In fact, Rory,
>> I thought you know how big it was.
>> No,
>> I do want to know how big it is, mate. I
do.
>> What do I do? Get in like that.
>> Just get in. I
>> went in free.
>> I want I want you to sort of not just
sit in it. I want you to kind of like
see if you can get in like sort of this
way.
>> Sweet.
>> Just that sort of way. Do you know why
it's not so deep? It's because you got a
motor under there for all the added
performance.
>> Good to know.
>> Let's know if it had anti-pinch.
>> It will have anti-pinch. Do you want to
find out if it's got anti- pinch?
>> I'd love to.
>> Okay.
>> Oh, no. I've just forgotten. I thought
you going to do it yourself.
>> Get ready to shout.
>> Yeah. See, you're safe.
>> Thank you very much.
>> We knew that, didn't we, Jack?
>> Yeah.
>> We definitely knew that, didn't we? We
didn't know that. We didn't know that at
all.
>> And there was something else I spotted
while I was messing around in the front
boot.
>> So, if you look on here, there's a
little plaque. Says 27,000 RPM. That's
important because on most electric cars,
the motor will probably spin it to about
21,000 RPM. And then it's got like the
kilowatts there, 1,138, which I think
must mean like 1500 horsepower, and then
the torque figure, which is quite
colossal. The entry- level SU7 has a
single motor producing 299 horsepower
and 400 new m of torque. But this ultra
model uses three motors, two on the rear
axle and one on the front, like a Tesla
Model S Plaid. However, instead of 1,020
horsepower and 1,420 new m of torque
like the Tesla, the Xiaomi has 1,548
horsepower and 1,70
new m of torque. That's more power and
more torque than you get from a Bugatti
Chiron. So, let's see what it feels like
with a good old-fashioned carwow drag
race against a very highly tuned Nissan
and Lamborghini. I'll time these cars
over the standing quarter mile and I'll
also reveal how quickly this SU7
accelerates from naugh to 60 miles an
hour. Let's find out about that GTR from
its um driver who's got a crash helmet
on. GTR driver, can you tell me about
your car?
>> It's a 4.1 R35 GTR. So, it's a fully
built car. Uh we run power-wise 14 to
1500.
>> Just to clarify, is that the crank or is
it the wheels? It depends who asking.
No, it's 14,500 to the wheel. Yeah.
>> Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. That's
cheating. So, you got about 1,800 at the
blooming crank. That's not fair. How
much torque do you have at the wheels?
>> We have around 1,700 Nmters to the
wheel.
>> Right. This doesn't feel fair right now.
And how much is all the work on that
car?
>> I don't want to tell that to my wife,
but I think it's going to be around
€200,000
beside the car.
>> And then the car on top. And the car is
probably what about like 5060,000.
>> They're in Europe quite expensive. So
like uh 60 65,000. Yeah.
>> Almost 300 grand all in for that car. It
better be bloody quick. Okay. What's
your name though? And just tell us who's
done the car.
>> My name is Sandro. I'm the owner of
Street Performance Switzerland. And
we're like a GTR shop. Basically just
doing GTRS day in day out. We do other
cars as well, but we are well known for
the GTR. So, everyone is uh coming with
their GTRS.
>> Okay. Over to the Lamborghini. Can you
tell me about your car?
>> Hey, my name is Julian. I only the
driver from this car, not the owner. The
car has uh 5.0 engine. We have 14,500
horsepowers with 1.4 1.5 bars of boost.
And it's a manual car. Yes.
>> You mean it's a Spanish waiter or you
have a stick shift? I didn't get it.
Yes, I have stick shift car.
>> Is it four-wheel drive?
>> Yes, it's four-wheel drive. Yes.
>> You've got what? 1,500 horsepower. I
thought it was like 1,700 horsepower.
>> No, I think 1,400
1,500. So,
>> is that at the wheels or is that at the
crank?
>> At the wheels.
>> So, 1,700 horsepower at the crank. Okay.
So, basically, I've got my 1500
horsepower car. You've got your 1700
horsepower cars. I've been tricked here.
Okay. Anyway, should we start our
engines now? While they're doing that,
if you want to check out the best offers
on the latest electric
>> Can I also start the Lambo?
>> Yes, you may definitely also start the
Lambo. If you want to check out the
latest offers on electric cars, right,
we've got some amazing deals through
car. So, I've plated my favorite best
offers. You want to find out what they
are, click on the pop out banner in the
top right corner of the screen, scan the
QR code. There's also a link in the
description of the video and the pin
comment. Go check them out quickly.
Okay, first things first. GTR rev your
engine.
It's a very nice V6. Okay, Lamborghini,
rev your V10.
Very nice V10. I don't make any noise,
but I do win drag races, so let's do it.
This struggle for traction there.
[Music]
He's just blown his engine.
[Music]
[Music]
stage just blown off.
God, this gets faster.
[Applause]
All around me are familiar faces.
>> Good start there. I can't believe this
car is only like £50,000. You are dead.
Don't say GTRS. Has your car just blown
up? Was that €200,000? It went When we
did the test run, we had like lower
boost on the laptop and after I started
the car again, we hear the noise like
the turbo is like I talked to my tuner
like, "Yeah, what could we do? I mean,
just run it, you know, and it heard like
one of the turbo is gone."
>> You were winning. This thing gets
faster, right? So, it's unusual for
electric car. Normally, they all go at
first and they tell off. I don't know if
I'd have beaten you. You were off the
line better cuz this just it spun its
wheels a bit. Did yours spin?
>> Yeah. Yeah. What should we do with your
car now?
>> I I put the laptop on it. See what it
is. And
>> But it won't start.
>> Maybe the Maybe the computer prevents it
to start.
>> Is it a fuse? And you think that's going
to fix it? Both of them. Both of them.
Will it work then?
>> Yeah. So, we're going to drive.
>> Yeah.
>> Let's go. That is the the cheapest fix
from any tuned car failure I've ever
seen. I think there's more behind it cuz
the fuse is protecting something. So,
he's not fixed the car yet. It's got to
do a bit more work to it, but we need to
race because they're going to shut the
runway. So, it's just me and the
Lamborghini.
>> Struggle for track and again.
[Music]
I mean, that Lambo's got no chance.
Has
[Music]
[Music]
he broken?
I know this can go quicker.
>> All right, so the GTR is now back in it.
Will it run? We don't know. We're just
going to do another drag race to see.
So, it could be interesting.
[Music]
>> Whoa, that Lambo went
[Music]
Come on. What happened there? I was like
sleeping.
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
This car overheated and didn't perform
that time. I've experienced this problem
before when I race this car against the
Tesla Model S Plaid. If you launch it
over and over again repeatedly, the
battery can get too hot. If this
happens, the car starts to reduce the
power output of the motors to protect
the battery. As a result, the GTR won.
It completed the standing quarter mile
in 9.1 seconds. The Lamborghini took 10
seconds and the Xiai was last with a
time of 10.5 seconds. However, in the
earlier races when the Xiai was able to
run the full 1548 horsepower, it
completed the standing/4 mile in 9.4
seconds. That's the same time I got from
a Bugatti Chiron Pure Sport. During that
1/4 mile run, the Xiaomi accelerated
from naugh to 60 mph in 2.79 seconds.
That's slower than Xiai's claim time of
1.98 seconds, but it's still pretty
incredible when you remember this car
costs £50,000. However, it isn't
perfect. Xiaomi used to offer a common
bonnet for this car as an optional extra
for £4,000 with a scoop on it. Everyone
thought, "Oh, that feeds air into the
car somehow, and it's obviously a
performance add-on." Turns out that it
wasn't. And in the end, people who
bought that actual upgrade got really
cross about it. Sent their cars back to
Xiaomi. Big hoo-ha and Xiaomi ended up
just like removing that option from the
list cuz it was a bit of a shameful
thing to do. If you look on there,
you'll see this lump that houses the
car's liar system. That's because it's
got really high tech self-driving
capabilities. Unfortunately, you don't
get to use those when you're driving it
in Europe right now. You just have to
rely on normal adaptive cruise control.
Yeah, that's one thing that's bad about
having this car in Europe as opposed to
China. Another one is this. So to charge
it in Europe, you're going to need an
adapter like this. Slot it there into
the DC charging. Now in China, these
things can charge at almost 500 kW, but
once you're using this adapter, falls
down to 130 kW. There's a lot of chat on
Chinese car forums that if you have a
Huawei phone, it does take a while for
it to connect to the Xiai system. If you
got Xiaomi phone, it's fine. If you got
an iPhone, it's fine. You get in the
car, just recognize it straight away. So
why does this happen with a Huawei
phone? Apparently, it's all to do with
the fact that Xiai and Huah have a bit
of a Chinese beef going on. The rear
view camera is quite low down and
there's no washer for it. So, when it's
really rainy and dirty, it can get a bit
like covered in crap. So, to clean it
off, you have to get out the car and
wipe it with your finger the old
fashioned way like that. The performance
brakes on this car can be a little bit
squeaky. Have a listen. Only if we drive
forward. Brakes. See? And let's go back.
and forward again.
See, bit squeaky. But it's not all bad
news because this car has plenty of cool
features, some of which I've never seen
before. The Jami badge here on the front
is made from carbon fiber and 24 karat
gold. You might be thinking, why are
people just stealing these? And there's
a good reason for it. First of all,
people don't tend to steal in China. And
there's a rule that if you steal
something that's over 500 quid in value,
then it's an instant jail sentence. The
price of this just over 500 quid. See
what they did there? The case for the
battery is actually bulletproof. Why?
Well, it's to prevent like if you have
an accident, the battery getting damaged
and there being a fire. To illustrate
just how strong this casing is, the CEO
of Xiai at one of their like factories
dropped a watermelon encased in the same
material as the battery surround off a
six-story building. And the watermelon
was just fine. Here's a clip of it.
[Music]
>> See, this car has loads of different
driving modes. So confusing that I've
actually got Kanan here who owns the car
to talk us through it. So go on,
explain.
>> This is the uh normal road setup.
Normally you have economy, standard, and
sport which has uh
>> how much horsepower? uh 300 something
horsepower. Standard I think is uh 500
horsepower. Y sport about 900
horsepower. Whichever mode you just
press the boost, it goes to uh,000
horsepower with boost.
>> Okay, got that.
>> Yeah.
>> What about 1500 horsepower though?
>> Then we have to go to the race app which
means that there is a separate app but
they will advise you to use it just in a
racetrack.
>> Yeah.
>> Trackmaster and you have different track
modes which is called ramp or qualifying
I would say. The second one is uh
endurance.
>> Okay. Because how much horsepower in
qualifying?
>> In qualifying is,500 horsepower.
>> That's the full the full power
>> actually, 300 something horsepower
because it's 1,000 kilowatt. Okay.
>> And if you press again the boost is,5448
horsepower.
>> Okay. So you go into rank and then you
press the boost and you have the full
horsepower.
>> Exactly. And then with this one you go
on no life on one lap. It's not it's
possible. And then the endurance which
has around 800 horsepower. Okay.
>> Uh this one you can go life two. drift I
think it's full rear wheel drive and the
inside app you have um different uh uh
uh settings response of the power uh the
steering feeling
>> regenerative braking uh which means that
you have more challenging heat goes into
the battery but you have better braking
>> and front and rear uh power distribution
normally I put it in auto but you can
also put it in manual
>> and make the car front wheel drive
>> exactly you can make it exactly but also
directly go to drift if you want fullhe
So, if you want to go rear wheel drive
all that way for drifting. Okay. Also,
if you're going to take this car on
track, you can get a track pack which
includes upgraded brake pads, u more
aggressive sporty track tires, and
rather than the standard air suspension,
you get coilover springs. This car has
the best vanity mirror on any car I've
ever been in. I mean, first of all, just
look at the size of it. And then there's
functionality. So, I can change the
brightness of the mirror. We'll probably
go less bright because I'm old. And I
can change the tone. So, less harsh.
Let's go for something a bit warmer once
again cuz I'm old. So you can get it
just right for whatever makeup you're
trying to apply or how much you just
want to deny what you really look like.
The car has four different sound modes.
I'm going to give you the first one,
which of course is no sound. So just
drive forwards and backwards just
slightly,
then go backwards. So all you've got is
the slight noise that you get from
electric cars to warn people that
they're approaching. Stop. Okay, next
one. We're going to put it into classic
sound. So you get like a rumble from an
exhaust. So you got a speaker at the
back like a V8. Now just pull away, go
forwards and backwards.
So it's a little bit like an ICE car.
Then go back.
And the next one is electronic.
It's like a mixture of like a V8 and
something a little bit more sci-fi.
Speaking of sci-fi, that is the name of
the final sound. Let's have a listen to
that one.
That sounds a little bit like a Porsche
Ty cam. You got four options there. You
can tell this car was made by a company
that usually makes phones. And just with
the phone, you'll probably never use the
majority of these settings and features.
But there is one thing that I absolutely
would be using all the time in the Xiai,
even on normal roads like this. I've got
this car set up in track mode in rank,
also known as qualifying, which means
that when I press this button here, I
have the full 1550 horsepower. And yet
I'm just pling around the streets in a
30 km an hour zone. Seems a bit like
overkill. I think it's going to drop
down to 1300 horsepower now once this
boost level disappears. Oh no, I've only
got 1300 horsepower. Actually, it's
quite easy to just poodle about in.
It's always scary when the Germans do
that to you. I'm trying to find out
bumps to see what the suspension's like.
Obviously, we've got air suspension.
There's some bumps. You don't find many
in German roads. Seems all right at
lower speeds. does have a slightly tort
feeling to it, but then that's what
you'd expect from a a sporty high
performance car like this. The throttle
pedal doesn't seem too aggressive. It
seems nicely tuned. Often with Chinese
cars, they can be a little bit off in
the way that they calibrate stuff. At
these low speeds, seems fine, including
the steering. Brakes
pretty intense, but quite progressive,
too. This, I think, feels like the most
dialed in electric car from China I've
driven so far. But while the Xiai
suspension was giving me plenty to feel
positive about, I had noticed a few
problems. I'm not sure about this noise
I've chosen.
Just getting rid of it.
Oh, it I don't know. Not going to mess
around now. I'm driving. It's hard to
hit those icons when you're driving.
Quite impressed so far. Normally you can
tell within a like few hundred meters
whether a car drives all right and this
one seems to. It is heavy. Weighs in at
2.3 tons. But it's got a big battery. 93
kW hours. Good for a range of just under
400 miles on a full charge. Obviously
not when you're in the track mode with
rank setting selected. Oh god.
It's quite a wide car, but the low dash
means that you got really good forward
visibility. Yeah. The back window is not
so good though. It's quite interesting.
When I put my foot down, it doesn't feel
like I got 1,770 Newton meters of
torque. Look. Oh, no, it did then. Oh,
yeah. Oh, it does now. I think it's just
managing the power. Try and boost.
Freaking heck. It just spinning its
wheels a bit. That's with the stability
control on. Do you know what? It doesn't
have like this snappy headback madness
of something like a Tesla Model S Plaid.
It seems a bit more progressive and the
pad just builds builds builds builds
builds. So, it doesn't make you feel
quite so sick, but it's certainly got
the performance once it's hooked up. Wa.
It's like they've programmed it to be
more like an internal combustion engine
car rather than an electric car with a
sudden like neck snapping effect that
you get. I prefer that. Unfortunately,
you can't buy Jamas in the UK yet, but
they do plan to start selling cars in
Europe in 2027. But if you can't wait
until then and you want to save a bit of
cash, there are plenty of fast used
electric cars available on CarWow.
Here's a 2020 Porsche TYON Turbo. It's
the 680 horsepower version with £53,000
m on it, and you can have it for less
than £44,000. Now, whenever you're
buying a used car, you should always do
a vehicle history check. And for that, I
recommend our partners, Carver Vertical.
And here's their report on that
particular Porsche Tyan. It shows
there's no outstanding finance, the
mileage checks out, and it hasn't been
stolen, nor are there any reports of
damage. However, here's an example of a
different Porsche Tyan that does have a
report against it for accident damage.
There is a chance that this particular
car could be repaired and put back on
the road and you wouldn't know about the
damage unless you did a car vertical
check. So, if you're thinking about
getting a used car, make sure you check
out car vertical and use the code car
wow for 20% off. Right? Joining the auto
barn. I can just wa just scoot past
other cars so quickly. You really notice
the difference when you're in boost mode
or not in boost mode. In fact, floor it,
hit boost, and then it just takes off.
Wow. Bit of wind noise cruising along at
130. Having to slow it down to 100 cuz
that's what the speed limit says for
some reason though I don't know why.
That is just mental. It's getting lots
of attention but then it is bright
yellow. This thing will do 217 mph.
All we need is a bit of d-restricted
autob barn. But just watch the speed
climb. You ready?
Freaking heck. It's just berserk. Do you
know what? This has a very much a
Porsche Tyan feel to it to the weight of
the controls and just how it feels.
They've clearly had that car in
benchmarking it. Well, they didn't
benchmark was the price. Does feel a bit
heavy in the turns. Okay, I've noticed
something. The brake pedal can feel a
little bit grabby at times. It starts to
slow when you first press it and then
there's a point in the travel where it's
almost like it switches over from regen
to friction braking and it's suddenly
bites. So, that takes some getting used
to, but it doesn't have like a squidgy
feel like you get from some other like
Chinese cars. And the steering is
definitely the best I felt in any
Chinese car so far today.
It's quite stable and predictable
though.
Wa. I am aware of the car's weight. I
don't think it handles quite as well as
a Porsche Ty can. I don't have quite so
much confidence in it. Maybe I would get
it a bit more over time. More time spent
with the car. These tires aren't great
though for when they're not warm.
They're almost like blooming slick tires
and they're not warmed up properly. So,
that is giving me a little bit of
nerves. On the standard road tires, I'd
probably be all right. Yeah, these
brakes are inconsistent. Sometimes it's
like it just holes on the anchors. It's
like they're overass assisted by a
computer and they just suddenly jam on
and you can't always judge where it is.
It's a shame because the feeling is
generally quite good through the brake
pedal, but it's just then it just like
rammed on. It's just odd.
I've never seen a road this bad in
Germany. It's actually dealing with it
all right. Don't need to test it in the
UK. This is worse. This is worse than
the UK. Germany, be ashamed of yourself.
This is probably their dirty little
secret. This is just like a British road
now. This is bang on. This car will be
fine in the UK. Final thoughts on this
car. Well, value for moneywise, you
cannot fault it. How it drives, how it
looks, how it's built. This is my
favorite car from China so far. If I was
in China, £50,000, I would be getting me
one of these.