If you're a golfer who is struggling
with your ball striking, maybe you get
to the top of the back swing and you
don't really know what to do.
It's as if you're starting your down
swing too late. It's like your brain
doesn't have that concept of how do I
start the down swing. I'm going to show
you how you can fix this with the
easiest and simple reference points.
We're going to use the back right pocket
and we're going to use the right
shoulder. So, if you want to strike the
ball better, you got to learn to start
your down swing earlier. It's as simple
as focusing on your right shoulder and
your right back pocket. By the end of
this video, you're going to be striking
the ball just like this.
Now, that is absolutely pure. Now,
you're probably thinking, Joles, what is
this movement? Well, I think the best
way of looking at this is not from this
face on view. It's not from the down the
line view. It's actually from the rear
view. So, the golfer that we're going to
use in today's example is Charles How
III. Now, I have a face on and rear
video here. Now, to start with, the two
lines drawn down Charles's hips on both
these videos are just there as reference
markers for where are his hips at setup.
The red vertical line, this is
representing the center line. So, it
goes up from the center of the stance
all the way through the center of his
body. And then to mark his hip, I have
done a green circle as you can see. And
then I've done the same thing with the
right shoulder, but with a pinky purple
sort of color. So, let's break this
motion down. As Charles takes this club
back, we can see from the rear view that
he has a little tiny shift off the ball.
This is very, very normal with golfers.
Now, some golfers will roughly shift
earlier than others, but it'll be
somewhere around the end of the takeaway
point to where we start to see that
right hip, right shoulder move back and
around towards the center line. So if I
take Charles all the way to the top
here, what you'll notice is that right
hip, right shoulder have now fully
turned over the center line. There's the
right back pocket, our original marker,
and there is the right shoulder. So you
can see that he has technically started
to shift all the way towards the target
from roughly around this position. The
reason you are struggling with your down
swing is because you are not shifting
the right shoulder and the right hip
towards the center line early enough.
Granted, there is a shift off, but then
look, he can start to move the right
hip, right shoulder towards the target.
This is the secret to starting your down
swing earlier. If we look at this from
the face on view, we can see there's his
little bit of a shift off. He now once
he gets to his takeaway position, he now
starts to shift with his right hip,
right shoulder back towards that center
line to where at the top. You can see if
I take these two lines off, how he has
created space here between his right hip
and the line, his right shoulder is
touching that center line. And that is
how we start the down swing by shifting
earlier. On a quick side note, if you're
looking to improve your game this
winter, I'm offering a free swing
evaluation on the Skillis platform. It's
my online coaching platform that I use
to coach students from 28 different
countries around the world right now. If
you want some help with your game, you
can grab that free swing evaluation.
Head on over there. Amazing. So now we
understand that in order for us to
actually start the down swing earlier,
we need to focus on turning our right
back pocket and our right shoulder for a
right-handed golfer towards this center
line during the back swing. Now when
does this start to happen? It starts to
happen after the takeaway. This is our
actual change of direction point. So
from here the right back pocket, the
right shoulder are going to work over
this center line. So now what I'm going
to do is I'm going to build you a
practice station in order to help you
with this. So the first thing that I've
got here is I have a red alignment stick
on the ground just like so. I have a
black alignment stick for the rear and I
have a white alignment stick right here
for the frontal. Now these three
alignment sticks are all representing
the center of our body, the center of
our swing. Now, the two pieces of
equipment you need to help you with this
is number one, a glove. We're going to
place that in our back trail pocket and
number two, a golf club. Now, what we
are going to do is we are going to get
set up in this station. Now, from there,
take your golf club and pop it on your
shoulders. Now, I like to have the club
head on the trail side here and the butt
end of the grip pointing down towards
the target. Get set up with this right
in the center of your stance. Now,
you're going to feel like you have a
little back swing and you can start your
swing with that natural little bit of a
pressure shift. Like I said, we turn the
right back pocket, the right shoulder
towards the target after the takeway.
So, think we might have a little bit of
a swing trigger to here to get us back.
So, once we're in that position there, I
feel a little bit more pressure in my
right foot. That's my weight shift. Now
I'm going to turn that right back pocket
and that right shoulder over that center
line right there. That is what allows me
to get that sense of reentering. I can
feel my pressure go from maybe 70% on my
right leg to back to 50/50 by the time I
get to the top. And all I'm thinking
about is that right back pocket and
right shoulder turning over that center
line. One little detail I really like to
add here is the left knee. I love to see
the left knee stay somewhere over the
inside part of the left foot. Now the
reason for this is all to do with the
the femur bone right here. If we get
into a situation to where we're turning
it and we collapse it across suddenly
now this leg gets stuck. And when that
leg gets stuck often what then happens
is we lunge the knee gets left in and
then from there we have to early extend.
Now, I know what some of you are going
to say. Jack Nicholas did it, so we
should all do it. No. Jack Nicholas was
amazing at one movement. Well, he was
amazing a lot of movements, but one
particular movement, which was getting
that knee out the way. Now, if you can
do that and time that, do please do it.
But I've only met maybe 5% of golfers
that can do that. A much easier and
simple way is to let that left knee
obviously rotate, but keep it more so
over the inside part of the left foot as
you turn that right back pocket and
right shoulder over the center line.
Then from there, as you come down, you
can keep that right hip on the line as
you unwind the left side and then all
the way through. So if I do that now
from the rear view, you're going to see
if I do this here, I'm going to get set
up. Left knee for me is going to feel
like it stays over the inside part of
the left foot. Right hip, right shoulder
as I turn to the top is going to feel
like it gets over the center line. It's
okay if you exaggerate it here. Now on
the way down, right hip stays over that
center line as the left hip starts to
unwind and then it goes all the way
through. So a question I get asked all
the time is Charles, what is the
difference between somebody who has a
small shift off like Charles How the
third on the left and someone like Rory
who has a really big shift off? Well,
the answer is not a huge amount
different. It is very very similar. With
Charles, we obviously see there's a
smaller shift off right here, and he
might start to shift back towards the
target a little bit earlier, maybe just
before the takeaway position. With Rory,
we'll see there's a bigger shift off
right there. And then for him, he'll
start to turn back and around a little
bit later, maybe just after the
takeaway. But if we look at both of
these golfers by the time they get to
the top, we can see Charles How the
third center of his back pocket over
that center line. Rory Maroy center of
his back pocket over that center line.
If we look at the right shoulder, it is
over the center line for Charles. It is
over the center line for Rory. The moral
of the story is here. Whether you're
Charles How the third who has a small
shift off, maybe half an inch if that,
you are still going to recenter over the
center line with that trail shoulder
trail hip. Or if you're Rory who wants
to have a bigger shift off, you are
still going to reenter over that center
line. By the time you get to the top of
the back swing with that right shoulder
and trail hip, it's the lie you've been
taught to get stuck on that trail side.
It's poor coaching. It's going to hurt
your game. Okay, so now we realize that
these two movements are really, really
similar. The key though is by the time
you get to the top, your right shoulder,
right back pocket is over that center
line and then from there you can swing
all the way through. So here's how I
want you to practice this. I want you to
step on in and I want you to go with
right, let's get set up here. We're
going to go to the top. We can have our
little shift to start the swing. Then
from there, right back pocket, right
shoulder to over that alignment stick,
that center line right there. Left knee
stays in front of me. Then from there,
rehearse the down swing. Right hip stays
over that line. So the glove stays over
that line and all the way through. So I
just like that glove in there. Just
enhances the feeling. Do that a couple
times. Right shoulder, right hip over
that alignment stick. Left knee out in
front. Come down. It's still over it.
Come into impact. It's still over it.
Here's what it looks like.
I'm offering two-day golf schools in the
US. I'm flying out this December to do a
golf school in Orlando with Trevor
Salman, tour coach. And we have
developed a unique one-of-a-kind golf
school that is purely focused on impact
and ball flight and movements that
directly uh fix that. But as well as
that, we're only keeping the ratio 2
to1. Two students every one coach. It is
high intense two days. It is amazing.
So, if you want to find out more info
about that, I'll have the link down
below. If you have enjoyed today's
video, please give it a like and a
channel subscribe.