A huge number of people lose perfectly
healthy teeth simply because they ignore
one small details. The gum recedes
exposing the root and then everything
just snowballs from there. Sensitivity,
cavities, inflammation. In the end, the
tooth has to be removed. You start to
notice that your teeth seem to have
gotten longer. Even a slight breeze of
cold air feels like an electric shock.
The toothbrush keeps scratching the same
spot and it feels like the gum has
slipped down. But it's not too late yet.
If you understand what's happening now,
you can avoid surgery, pain, and losing
healthy teeth. Today, I'll explain why
gums recede, what happens to a tooth
when the root is exposed, and how you
can stop this process while the tooth
can still be saved. And even if your gum
recession has already started, there is
a way to bring the gum back. What is gum
recession? It's when the gum recedes and
we usually notice it ourselves only by
the first signs. A yellow border appears
right below the tooth. That is where the
enamel ends. And this yellow border is
nothing other than the cementum of the
tooth root. In other words, that's
already the root of the tooth. Why is
this bad and what are the risks? Such an
exposed area of the gum is completely
unprotected and very susceptible to
cavities and bacteria. So you can easily
diagnose this yourself just by standing
in front of a mirror. Another sign of
gum recession is sensitivity or more
precisely hyper sensitivity when a
patient reacts to various irritants such
as sour food, salty food, sweets or to
temperature stimula like something very
cold or very hot. I would also like to
add that patients who already have gum
recession can actually feel it with
their tongue and very often patients
describe it exactly like that saying
they feel some kind of step or
roughness. This is precisely the
transition between the end of the enamel
and the beginning of the tooth cementum
and let's say the final stage of gum
recession or an advanced stage of gum
recession is of course a loose tooth.
When our tooth completely comes out of
the ligament that once held it in place,
most often such teeth end up being
extracted. And the main thing is these
teeth can be completely healthy and not
affected by any cavities at all. That is
why it is important to monitor your gums
and gum recession. If you have
experience these symptoms, please share
in the comments how you noticed them and
what you did about it. I'm sure many
people will find it helpful to read
about the real experiences of actual
patients. It also causes aesthetic
discomfort. What does that mean? It
means that when the patient smiles
broadly, they start to notice this
yellowish border at the bottom of the
tooth. Other people also notice this
border. What should you do if you notice
gum recession? First of all, you should
definitely make an appointment with a
dentist for a consultation. Secondly, I
would pay attention to the toothbrush
you use, how soft or hard it is, and
whether you are brushing correctly
because gum recession is also very often
caused by improper toothbrushing. And of
course, improper brushing also attracts
bacteria. In other words, an
inflammatory agent. When we brush our
teeth incorrectly, plaque accumulates
around the tooth and this plaque
calcifies and turns into tartar. And it
is precisely this tartar and infection
that also lead to gum recession. If you
want to learn how to brush your teeth
properly, watch this video. There are
three stages of gum recession or three
degrees of gum recession. These are
mild, moderate, and severe. They differ
only, let's say, in size or depth. In
the mild stage, the gum recedes up to 3
mm. In the moderate stage, the gum
recedes from 3 to 5 mm. And the third se
stage of gum in session is when it is
more than 5 mm. At the first stage, it
is often enough to determine how well
the patient brushes their teeth and
whether they are injuring the gum during
brushing or not. It is also usually
sufficient to have a professional dental
cleaning done. This is when the dentist
removes the dental calculus that leads
to this recession. Therefore the main
thing is to remain under observation. In
cases of moderate and severe gum
recession, it is most often a surgical
intervention and operation called
gingivoplasty or mucco gingival grafting
where a small piece of gum tissue that
is a graft is taken from you most often
from the upper jaw and is sutured
directly to the area where there is not
enough gum. So to restore my gum they
take a piece from another part of the
gum. Not from the gum but from the
palate. Most often yes a piece is taken
from the upper palate piece of mucous
tissue. And what about there? What
happens to it? It heals afterwards.
Everything recovers and regenerates just
fine. In a month you won't even be able
to tell anything was done there. It's
not dangerous. Fine. Absolutely. Yes.
The oral cavity heals very quickly. It's
one of the fastest healing mucous
membranes, so it absolutely won't cause
you any discomfort. That's the most
important thing. It's completely
painless. After we've performed this
kind of gum grafting, following the
procedure, your new gum will serve you
just as well as your original one. And
most importantly, it will protect your
tooth from further damage and save it
from extraction. So, if I have gum
recession, I won't be able to figure it
out myself. I'll have to see a doctor.
There are no other solutions. 100% you
definitely need to see a doctor. Once
again, only a doctor can determine the
degree of gum recession and only a
dentist can provide the necessary help.
No home remedies will help you. That's
for sure. If recession has started, it
will continue. The recession can only be
stopped. And how can the process be
stopped? Sometimes, as I said before,
gum recession, especially in its early
stages, is very often caused by what's
called a traumatic factor, meaning that
a person is brushing their teeth
incorrectly. There is also another
theory call it the nervous theory where
the patient grinds their teeth at night.
A condition known as bxism which leads
to excessive stress. The patient
constantly clenches their jaw even while
resting or sleeping. Certain let's say
high stress specialties or professions.
Yes, if you want to see a video on how
to take care of your gums at home when
you have recession, be sure to give this
video a like. Take care of your teeth
and follow our channel. Subscribe. See
you next time. Take care of yourself and
your loved ones.