I'm going to quickly prove that we are
in the biggest stock market bubble in
history. And then I'm going to tell you
very simple strategies you can use to
not only protect but grow your wealth in
this crazy time of out of control
central banks, big governments,
deficits, debts, etc. And then I'm also
going to share with you some of the
things I have invested in myself
personally that have outperformed the
S&P 500 to a massive degree with a lot
less downside risk. I'm going to do this
in three simple steps. Step number one,
let's go over the valuations of the S&P
500 right now. Before we do, I know what
all of you are saying right now. Whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. George, time
out. Time out. No way. We are not in the
biggest stock market bubble in history.
Not even close. I know what you're going
to do. You're going to compare this to
the dot bubble. But this time it is
different. And I'll tell you why it's
different. Because back then those
companies didn't have any earnings. In
fact, they didn't even have revenue. And
now these companies in the S&P 500, they
are flush with money coming in from
their actual sales of their actual
products. Well, my rebuttal would be,
look, in 1987 when we had the stock
market crash,
did those companies have earnings?
Did those companies have sales? How
about 1929?
I don't know. Did those companies have
sales? How about during the GFC? Did
those companies have sales? Did they
have earnings? Absolutely they did. So
just because the companies have earnings
right now or sales, it doesn't
necessarily mean that we are not in a
bubble. Let's go to a chart going from
today's date all the way back to we'll
call it 2000. And on the left we go from
well we start in the middle here 1.5 and
it goes up to 3.0 0 and then down to 0.0
nada. So what this is is price to sales
of the S&P 500 and during the dot peak
here the mania the height of the
insanity it was 2.87
and then of course with the bust it goes
down to a valuation or valuations that
are far more reasonable. It bounces
around here and even when we were at the
norm, we still got the big downturn with
the GFC, but you guys know what has
happened since then. It's gone up and up
and up and up and up and up. We had the
exception there, little blip in 2018.
Then we know what happened during the
surveys sickness. It goes straight up
and then the Fed starts tightening
rates. We have a big bare market, but
then it rips higher and higher and
higher and higher to all-time highs
where we are today where I'd like to
point out the price to sales ratio is
roughly depends on when you're watching
this 3.23
versus.com
2.87.
So based on this metric, we are in a
much bigger bubble. even when you
consider the earnings than we were
during the dot bubble and the dot bust.
But I'm not done. Oh, wait, there is
more. Let's look at the Schiller cape
ratio. And we see that's trading right
around 39. Now, it is true that this
isn't as high as it was during the dot
bubble, but that's not to say that it's
good. It's still much higher than it was
1987, much higher than it was 1929,
and way higher than it was prior to the
GFC. But I'm not done. Let's go ahead
and look at the trailing 12-month PE
ratios. And we can see that is at
nosebleleed levels as well. And let's
not forget Warren Buffett, the best
investor of our lifetimes. The Buffett
indicator is off the charts. I mean,
it's over 200. And compare that to what
it was like during the 1980s, the 1990s,
and even during the early 2000s. Now, I
know a lot of you right about now say,
"Oh, George, well, you can't use the
Buffett indicator anymore because we
have a global economy. All these
multinational corporations are doing
business outside of the United States."
So, a market cap to domestic GDP doesn't
really capture everything. And
therefore, this is a nothing burger.
Uh, I don't think so. Why? Because look
at what Buffett is doing with his money.
He has the largest cash position he has
ever had in his life as a percentage of
his overall portfolio. And by the way,
he's not in cash, he's in T bills. More
on that in just a moment. But you have
to look at his actions. and his actions
would back up exactly what we're seeing
with the cape ratio, the trailing
12-month PE, and this price to sales
ratio, which is at the most extreme
level we have ever seen, implying, or
not really implying, explicitly showing
that we are definitely in the biggest
stock bubble in history. Now, does that
mean the stock market's going to crash?
Not necessarily. Not necessarily. But
how do you protect yourself during these
dangerous times? How do you protect your
financial future and hopefully even grow
your wealth? Well, the answer isn't just
Bitcoin and it isn't just gold. We're
going to go into these specific
strategies that anybody can use no
matter how much of a beginner you are or
how advanced. Right now, step number
two. Now, let's go over these hidden
methods, kind of these secret methods
that nobody talks about that smart
investors have been using to not only
beat the S&P 500, but with a lot less
downside risk. And they've been using
these methods and techniques for the
last 100
years. Here's what I'm talking about.
The first thing you need to realize is
if you want to protect and grow your
wealth, regardless of how dangerous the
economy is, regardless of the debt,
regardless of how big the stock market
bubble is, you have to do the opposite
of what everyone tells you to do.
That's basically the secret. [laughter]
That's the method. Just do the opposite
of what everyone tells you to do. Do the
opposite of what your friends and family
members tell you or are doing
themselves. Do the opposite of what Dave
Ramsey tells you is the smart thing to
do. Do you think Warren Buffett listens
to Dave Ramsey just out of curiosity? I
hang out I have the privilege of hanging
out with a lot of hedge fund managers
due to what I do on YouTube. And these
people are wildly successful people that
you've never heard of. Do you think that
they follow Dave Ramseay's advice and
just buy the S&P 500, a passive fund,
buy and hold, buy the dip, dollar cost
average? Of course not. They do the
complete opposite. So, let's go through
that right now. First and foremost,
let's tackle the elephant in the room,
which is passive investing. Everybody
always tells you, well, you can't try to
use your brain. You can't try to use
common sense. You can't use that
critical thinking stuff. That'll get you
nowhere. What you have to do is just
take a percentage of your paycheck and
like a robot. You just have to invest
that into a passive S&P 500 fund every
single month. So, let's go ahead and put
this theory to the test. Let's actually
use our brain, the opposite of what
financial planners want you to do.
[laughter]
And let's go back to the S&P price to
sales. is a little bit different chart
looking just at 1999 to 2025 to be more
specific it ends August 19th 2025
but where we are where we were was 319
this is price to sales ratio and just on
this time frame the average was 1.88
but you can see where we were during the
dot right around 2.87 87 if you remember
and look at where we are today. I mean
much much higher. So if we're thinking
about this like rational adults instead
of just like robots that we've been
programmed to just go into this passive
investment vehicle, set it and forget
it. We can see that the probabilities
again there are no certainties. There
are only probabilities. But the
probabilities that we do well throughout
the rest of this decade or over the next
10 years is extremely low because we
know these valuation metrics tend to
mean revert. So I'm not saying that the
S&P 500 isn't going to go up. It
absolutely could. It could double. It
could triple. It could quadruple from
here. But that doesn't necessarily mean
that it's a smart thing to invest in
right now. Let me give you an example I
always use on this channel. It's
blackjack. This is a game we all know.
So if you have a 19,
is it possible to get a 21? Yes, it is.
You could hit and get a two. Now, would
any of you watching this video right now
do that? The answer is no. You'd say,
"George, I'm never You never ever ever
hit on a 19." Why? Because the odds are
against you.
Hello. [laughter] That's what we're
looking at here with the S&P 500 based
on the valuations where we are today. Is
it possible for it to go up? Absolutely.
Just like it's possible for you to hit
on a 19 and get 21 and get blackjack.
But no one in their right mind would do
that. So what you want to do as an
investor obviously is to take those odds
and put them in your favor. And in order
to do this, you have to start by doing
the complete opposite of what people
tell you to do or what you thought was
the smart way to invest. But it doesn't
stop with just passive investing. Now,
let's go ahead and tackle the idea of
buy and hold. And once again, you want
to do the complete opposite. Now, I know
what a lot of you are saying right now
is, "Okay, George, I won't buy the S&P
500. I I get what you're saying, but
I'll go ahead and select certain stocks
in the S&P 500 that I think are super
cheap, and then I'm just going to hold
them forever or dollar cost average
because I know that, aha, is the smart
thing to do." Okay, great. Well, let's
just go ahead and think that one
through. Editor, let's go and throw up a
chart of home prices adjusted for
inflation. And the first thing that's
shocking is you can see going all the
way back to the 1800s
that from the late 1800s to call it 1997
or so home prices in the United States
did not go up. Let me repeat. From the
late 1800s
to 1997,
home prices when you adjust for
inflation did not go up. So, I retired,
as most of you know, in 2012. And when I
did, I knew nothing about markets. I
didn't know what the Fed was. I didn't
know what the bond market was. But
fortunately, I knew what I didn't know.
So, I was able to learn from other
people. We're going to discuss that more
in just a moment. And I realized that
then was a pretty decent time to buy
real estate because of the cash flows.
And I looked at this exact chart and I
said, "Okay, we're almost down to the
level where kind of the historic norm,
if you want to call it that. So my
downside isn't that much, but the cash
flow is incredible. So I'm going to go
ahead and buy." So, I accumulated these
rental properties, put them into a
portfolio, and I held them all the way
to about 2017 or 2018. Now, I didn't
sell them all at once, but I started to
sell them. The first home, let's say I
sold in 2018. The last home I sold in
2022. Now, did I buy and hold these
things? No. I bought them to begin with
because I was using my brain and they
were cheap and the cash flow made sense.
But once they got to a level, these
nosebleleed levels where the valuations
didn't make sense anymore, I sold them.
[clears throat] So it's not buy and
hold, it's buy and sold. [laughter]
That's what you want to do. And
fortunately, I sold the last house in
2022 where if you look at this chart,
you can see that's where we peaked out.
So, I might have hit the low and
absolutely hit the high as far as when I
bought and I sold. Now, that would be
complete luck. But the whole point I'm
trying to make is I had an incredible
return on my investment with very little
downside doing the complete opposite of
what people tell you to do. The next
thing you hear all the time is you have
to be fully invested in the market. You
can't have any cash position. You can't
have dry powder. You just have to be
fully invested at all times because you
never know what's going to happen and
you can't miss out on these four or five
days in the market where it goes up by
let's just say 5%. This is total
nonsense. Let's just look at the
greatest investor of our lifetimes,
Warren Buffett, and see what he is
actually doing today. And the current
cash reserves, I'm just reading this
right off of Google. The current cash
reserve is the largest in Berkshire
Hathway's history, more than doubling in
just over a year. And to be clear, it's
not just the largest cash position, it's
the largest cash position as a
percentage of his overall portfolio. In
fact, we can pull up this article from
Investopedia and just look at the
headline. This chart could explain why
Warren Buffett is holding $325
billion in cash. Why is he not taking
that 325 billion and just going out and
buying the S&P 500 index fund? Why?
Because it's not a smart thing to do.
[laughter]
That's why. In fact, let's go back to
that Google search. And another thing I
think is extremely important to realize
is Warren Buffett has halted buybacks.
So let's read it right off the page
here. Bergkshire Hathway has halted its
share repurchase program, indicating
that Buffett does not see Bergkshire
Hathway's stock as a bargain. meaning he
realizes the S&P 500 is in the biggest
bubble in history and therefore he's not
even buying back his own stock.
Something that he would have done in the
past if he would have had let's just say
325 billion. So hopefully you can see
that we have had a complete paradigm
shift. You have to realize what has
worked in the past likely will not work
in the future. So, you have to do the
complete opposite of what you've been
told. Instead of passive, you got to go
active. Instead of buy and hold, you've
got to go into buy and sold or buy and
fold, whichever one you prefer. And
instead of being totally completely 100%
invested at all times, sometimes that
might make sense and other times it
might not make sense where it might be
smarter to be 25% invested or maybe 75%
in cash or some sort of variation based
on the overall risk and you guessed it,
the valuations. But there's one more
thing that by far is the most important.
This is going to be the absolute key to
whether or not you're going to achieve
your financial objectives. And that is
you have to have mentorship.
You have to learn this from other people
or else you're going to have to learn it
yourself and you're going to likely lose
a lot of money along the way. So let's
go back to Warren Buffett. He had a
mentor. This was Ben Graham. If you look
at my investing journey, I have the
opportunity to go hang out with some of
the smartest, most successful investors
in the world periodically in St. Barts.
These guys I would absolutely consider
my teachers, my mentors. Look at Stan
Denmiller. Look at Jim Rogers. Look at
any one of your favorite investors. And
I can assure you they had a teacher or a
mentor.
Step number three. Now, let's go into
some of the things I have in my own
portfolio that have crushed the S&P 500
this year with a lot less risk. Now,
before we move on, this is not personal
investing advice. I'm just going ahead
and giving you examples of things that I
have in my portfolio because I employ
the strategies that we talked about in
step number two where I do the complete
opposite of what everyone tells you is
the smart thing to do. And as a result,
my returns have been way better
[laughter]
and my downside risk has been a lot
less. Okay, let's start by looking at a
chart from today's date going all the
way back to January year to date. This
is the uranium ETF UR. Now, I purchased
this more recently. Fortunately, I got
this big huge up move, but this is an
example of a stock that is or an ETF
that has crushed the S&P 500 with a lot
less risk. So, if you were to just
passively invest like everyone tells you
to do in that very cheap S&P 500 index,
you would not have purchased UR.
And this [laughter] is what you would
have missed out on 65% return this year.
But the important thing here is what was
your downside risk editor? Go ahead and
zoom out of a chart of URRA and you can
see was it at all-time highs? Absolutely
not. Not even close. So you could keep
your eye on this. You could focus on the
fundamentals that are driving uranium
itself and i.e. nuclear. And then you
could see, hey, there's a catalyst here.
The chart looks different. You could
actually use your brain
buy and then you would have captured
this upside with the riskreward that
actually makes sense versus the S&P.
What I hear a lot in the comments of my
videos or when I do live streams and I
talk about the stock market being in a
massive bubble, people always say, "Oh,
well, George, yeah, right, but you would
have missed out on all these gains. You
would have missed out on all these
gains." So, like right now, I'm sure a
lot of you said that at the very
beginning of this video when I said the
stock market's in the biggest bubble of
all time. You probably pulled up your
chart said, "Yeah, George, but the stock
market just this year is up by 12%." And
if you wouldn't have been in the S&P
500, you would have missed out on all
these gains. [laughter]
I can guarantee you hear that from your
friend and family member Fred
constantly. Well, you can tell your
friend and family member Fred that if
they would have been invested in the S&P
500, they would have missed out on all
of these gains. [laughter]
That's for sure. And we haven't even got
to gold yet. So, gold is just a pillar
of my portfolio. It's kind of my
starting position, if you will. And most
of you know that gold has crushed the
S&P 500 this year. But what I want to do
is focus on just the last month because
in the last month what I did is I sold
some of the gold that I had to take that
to buy the GDXJ and over the last month
gold is up 10% but the GDXJ is up by 22%
just in the last month. So, by using
good old-fashioned common sense and the
things that we talked about in step
number two, you would have had an
additional 12% gain with that exposure
to the underlying asset, in this case,
gold. But now that I've made all the
gold bugs happy, let me go ahead and
piss them off.
>> [laughter]
>> The best trade I have made this entire
year by far goes back only
about two weeks, maybe a week and a
half. When the Jolts numbers came out, I
saw that the labor market was really
starting to deteriorate. But that wasn't
necessarily priced into the long end of
the curve because we have this narrative
about deficits and debts exploding and
therefore causing interest rates to go
up. So I looked at this and I said,
well, there's some mispricing there, at
least in the short term. So I went long
30-year Treasury futures contracts. Now
again, I do not suggest you guys do
this. This is not investing advice. I'm
just giving you examples of what I have
done using the strategies we tal the
methods we talked about in step number
two. But I bought 30-year futures
contracts when the 30-year was trading
right around 4.9. Well, editor, go ahead
and throw up a chart. And today it's
trading right around 4.64 or 4.65.
What this has meant because of the
leverage that you have in futures
contracts which again why I don't
suggest it very risky but this trade
just over the last couple weeks or so is
up 50%.
50%.
And you had some great asymmetry. In
fact, you had the asymmetry you want,
the complete and total opposite of the
S&P 500 today because it is in the
largest bubble in human history where
you have much more downside risk than
you have upside potential. But the
trades and the investments I've outlined
here aren't even close to the best
performers that we've been talking about
in Rebel Capitalist Pro. Now, Rebel
Capitalist Pros, the private investment
community I have with my good friends
Lynn Alden, Chris Mintosh, Brent
Johnson, Patrick Serzna, and Jason
Hartman. And it provides that mentorship
that we were talking about at the end of
step number two for the average retail
investor, the rebel capitalists out
there just like you. But unfortunately,
I didn't take some of the picks that
people like Chris Mintosh were talking
about at the beginning of this year
because if I would have, I would have
done way, way better than even this
trade here with the 30-year futures
contracts. Editor, go ahead and throw up
the charts. One of the companies Chris
Mintosh has been highlighting in Rebel
Capitalist Pro is Borders and Southern
Petroleum. And this year, year to date,
they are up [snorts] 390%.
That's not all. Another company he's
recommended to our members is Rockhopper
Exploration and they are up just a mere
202%
at the time we filmed this video. So the
point here is if you do the opposite of
what everyone tells you you should be
doing, if you're a contrarian investor,
if you go against the herd and if you
just use some common sense and some
critical thinking skills, there are tons
of opportunities out there where the
riskreward makes a lot more sense than
the S&P 500 if you just open up your
eyes to those opportunities. And if you
guys want more information on the
mentorship, the strategies, the
portfolios, the stocks we discuss in
Rebel Capitalist Pro, we'll go ahead and
put a link in the description below this
video.