Privacy as kind of a topic was out of
fashion when it came to cryptocurrency
and by extension a lot of the privacy
focused altcoins also fell out of favor,
but that's kind of starting to change.
Uh we're seeing a return to this as far
as a category that people view as
important, uh a subject that people view
as important, myself included. And we're
seeing a resurgence that's translating
into price as well. One of the privacy
coins that we're covering in this video
is up over 300% in the last couple of
weeks. one is up over 400% in the last
30 days. And so all of the sudden, we're
seeing that enthusiasm manifest into
real objective price appreciation. I am
a big fan of these coins and I'm happy
to see the return of this trend because
don't forget privacy coins promise total
anonymity, not just pseudonymity like
most other crypto projects. We're
talking about which projects are the
most important, which ones are
capitalizing on this trend. We're
counting down five privacy altcoins that
you really ought to have on your
cryptocurrency radar for October 2025
and beyond.
[Music]
Welcome to the channel. My name is
Maddie and this is Altcoin Buzz. All the
best of luck if you choose to invest,
whether that's privacy altcoins or
otherwise. I wish you well. Just
remember, I am not a financial or
investment adviser, nor is this video
official financial or investment advice.
So, we have to start off with just a
perennial classic here in terms of
cryptocurrency privacy. And so, we're
leaving the number one spot open here
for Monero, ticker XMR.
This is pretty much the most delisted
coin globally. Um, and in a way that's
feeding into its marketing. I think
that's a strength and it speaks to the
quality of this project depending on the
perspective that you take, but that's my
point of view. Monero doesn't offer
optional privacy. Uh, it is fully
private by default. It uses ring CT and
stealth addresses. RingCT stands for
Ring confidential transactions and this
is how Monero hides your transaction
amounts. It does this by hiding
transaction amounts. Monero also links
senders and receivers using
cryptographic Ring signatures. So this
offers complete anonymity and it's an
improved version of its previous Ring
signature features, meaning it's been
evolving over the course of these years.
Like with all privacy altcoins, this is
great for privacy if that's kind of your
number one priority. However, uh there's
usually a trade-off when it comes to
technology, and that is the case once
again here. This kind of emphasis on
privacy clashes directly with AML and
KYC obligations, right?
Anti-moneyaundering and know your
customer. And so by extension that
clashes with centralized exchanges which
increasingly by law have to ask for
these for AML and KYC rules when you
want to register. Um so out of actually
all of today's privacy protocols that
we're covering, Monero has the highest
regulatory risk and that's your call
whether or not that's an important
factor for you. But in terms of the
technology, Monero has a censorship
proof peer-to-peer infrastructure.
That's pretty impressive actually. It is
actively maintained by one of the
largest open-source privacy communities
in all of cryptocurrency. It's got a
very active developer base with plenty
of contributors, also ongoing audits.
And really today, that makes it the most
decentralized platform in terms of this
list that we're talking about these
privacy altcoins in the video. There is
no foundation, no company. Plus, Monero
is also extremely censorship resistant.
And so, as a result, it's a common
target of regulatory pressure. That's
probably not too surprising. Uh,
however, it's technically very difficult
to block at the protocol level. Again, a
testament to the technology behind it.
The current price of XMR, as I record,
is just below $329
with a market cap of just over $6
billion. It's got an unlimited token
supply. That's kind of the one negative
here I would uh have to bring to your
attention. Um, you know, sometimes it's
a big deal, sometimes it's not, but I do
have to mention it depending on uh how
long you want to hold it for. Not the
best of tokconomics, but it's not a
dealbreaker either in my opinion. Next
on our list here, and at number two is
Zcash, ticker Z or Z EC. This is uh
currently on the privacy altcoin list
and is currently also the most popular
one. And we will get to price in just a
moment here. Uh but it's worth
mentioning that over the course of the
last month this token is up over 400
nearly 500%.
So just a massive return to popularity
in terms of the narrative here in terms
of the success of this project uh based
on that narrative. And on the flip side
of Monero out of these privacy coins
that we're looking at today, we have
Zcash, which is the most compliant, I
guess you could describe it, uh privacy
coin. It is safer legally, so perhaps
that's a plus. Uh but again there's a
trade-off. The flip side of that
compliance is that it is weaker
technically. And Zcash supports two main
address types. Number one is transparent
addresses or the T adders. And number
two are shielded addresses or the Z
adders. The transactions between Z
addresses hide sender recipients and the
amounts involved. To achieve privacy it
uses ZK snarks. Those are the zero
knowledge succinct non-interactive
arguments of knowledge. That's what it
tends for. And as you may know, these
validate shielded transactions without
revealing sensitive information. Zcash
offers what are known as viewing keys.
Uh users with a shielded address also
have options. They can share transaction
details with auditors or trusted
parties. Uh and that's without giving up
spending protocol. However, this remains
a small fraction of total Zcash
transactions in many periods. And as of
this month, October 2025, around 27% of
ZEC supply is held in shielded pools,
meaning that you can trace them by
simple chain analysis. And that is a
lot. That's over 4.42 million ZEC
tokens. The current price of ZEC is up
13% on the day, over 400% in the last
month, and nearly 500% uh in the last 3
months. We have a market cap of $4.219
$219 billion and a current price of
$26057.
There is a max supply here of 21 million
tokens with 16.3 million in circulation.
Not bad. Now, a bit of a cautionary note
here. Uh ZC has obviously rallied very
hard with the privacy narrative coming
back into fashion or whatever you want
to call it, but it's in the spotlight
now. It has been for several weeks and a
few months now. This has been a
parabolic run. I would argue that a
drawback is coming and probably is
imminent. This altcoin buzz spotlight
video is sponsored by BitGet because if
you ever wanted an all-in-one platform
for crypto or even stocks, by the way,
you've got to check out BitGet.
Honestly, this exchange is changing the
game. But it's much more than just an
exchange. It's got spot trading,
futures, margin, and even copy trading.
Plus, it also supports a lot of coins
and trading pairs, all with competitive
fees. Security is taken very seriously
too with proof of reserves and a
protection fund together meaning that
you can trade with peace of mind. No
other tier one exchange protects your
security this well. And the coolest
thing is that Bit is moving towards
being a universal platform. Meaning that
you can now trade tokenized US stocks
like Apple, Nvidia right on the
blockchain all by using USDC without
needing a traditional broker or even
leading the exchange for another
platform. And if you're into futures,
then BitGet's stock futures let you
speculate on price movements with up to
10 times leverage using a composite
index of stock tokens. It's super
beginner friendly and a perfect way to
explore the market. Getting started is
super easy. Sign up, do your ID
verification, deposit USDT or USDC, and
you're ready to trade. By signing up to
BitGet, you also have the chance to earn
bonuses of up to $6,200.
Try Bit today and get those bonuses.
Here's how. Check out the links in the
description of this video, but you can
sign up to BitGet today using links for
global users, for UK users, or this one
if you're in mainland Europe. Check out
the links in the description of this
video. At number three on our list here,
we're looking at Rail Gun and its ticker
and token, Rail, RI, which has been
around since 2021, but hit the spotlight
about a week ago. Actually, on October
9th, that's when it went parabolic. RIL
went from about $1.24 24 all the way to
$548
in only just one day. It's at $3.79
right now as I record. That $548 mark
represents a new all-time high and a
good 5x from where it was just 24 hours
earlier. Uh the current price is down
from that all-time high as you can see,
but it's still up over 300% in the last
month. Not too bad. We're sitting on a
$217 million market cap. So just barely
into the midcap category, not all that
far from a small cap. Actually, in April
of 2024, it saw a similar surge. Uh that
was after Vitalic Butan praised it on X.
However, last week's surge was stronger.
And the recent surge can pretty much be
traced back to a post on X about the
Kohaku wallet integrating rail gun. That
was part of it, but it wasn't the full
story. Uh it also came with ZK multi-
signatures and of course that was a
privacy feature that butan himself asked
for. You have to remember as well that
Kohaku is an Ethereum Foundation wallet.
So this is uh in my opinion a recipe for
success uh as the chart here certainly
reflects. And rail gun does have native
EVM integration meaning there's no need
for bridges or separate chains. It works
within existing chains and DAPs. And so
this offers private DeFi and token
interactions. You can also shield
assets, interact privately, and then
unshield if you need to go back to a
public address. And like I said, it's
still got a low market cap, just a
little bit above $200 million. That to
me represents plenty of room for growth.
At number four here, we're looking at a
LEO A L EO. And with this one, we have
similarly another small cap privacy coin
uh that we want to examine with a lot of
potential. It is built entirely for
private computation. We did a deep dive
into Alio in this recent video. Check
that one out if you haven't seen it
already. But Alo is a privacy focused
layer 1 blockchain integrating zero
knowledge proofs or ZKPs to enable
private by default applications. This is
uh in contrast of course to traditional
blockchain uh because those of course
expose all kinds of transaction details
and information. Alio however ensures
that sensitive information remains
confidential and at the same time it
maintains transparency as well as
security. Its zk snark approach allows
for private transactions and smart
contracts ensuring that sensitive
information is not exposed on the
blockchain. However, it also introduces
view keys. Uh these allow you to decrypt
your transactions for auditing purposes
and this happens without compromising
the privacy of others. So, it's a
feature that balances user privacy on
the one hand with regulatory compliance
on the other and it does so pretty
elegantly. In midepptember, the big news
was that Alio went live on Binance Alpha
and that did translate into a big spike
in price for ALEO a couple of weeks ago,
but uh you know that has since subsided
in terms of the enthusiasm. The current
price of ALO is at about 24 1.5 cents.
In early October, it shot from 22 cents
to 42 cents. So nearly doubling, but as
the chart shows, it's kind of back to
more of a starting point roughly a
little bit higher. It's got a just under
$40 million market cap. So once again,
lots of growth potential here. Last but
not least here at number five, we want
to look at Fro Fir.
This is the privacy coin with the
smallest market cap that we're looking
at today. Just about $25 million. And
the current price is $143 as I record.
That is up 100% even flat in the last
month. So not too bad. Uh, and it does,
similar to some of the other projects
we've seen, it does also seem like Phyro
here is riding this narrative, the
current privacy wave as that's kind of
re-entering the spotlight for whatever
reason. I'm happy to see it. Like I
said, I think it's always a relevant
topic, but uh I guess now that's also
being reflected uh as far as what the
market values, which is good. And you
may know Fro as Zcoin. It is a privacy
focused coin that leverages advanced
cryptographic techniques. With this, it
provides you with enhanced transaction
anonymity. What really sets Pyro apart
is its lantis mechanism that allows it
to burn coins which are then anonymized
within a large pool. You can then later
redeem these coins without revealing
transaction links or amounts or any
other information. So, it's a process
that ensures that transactions are
unlinkable and untraceable. This
provides robust privacy without the need
for a trusted setup. Lantis Spark offers
Spark addresses that are not searchable
on the blockchain and then additionally
transaction amounts are hidden which of
course further enhances user privacy and
so obviously that's a major win. It sets
FO apart from other privacy altcoins in
a big way. Look, I'm excited about this
narrative to see, you know, the whole
privacy discussion kind of entering back
into the cryptocurrency space and to see
a dollar amount in terms of people
supporting the projects that are privacy
focused. To see that kind of return uh
for privacy, for enthusiasm in the
crypto space, the fact that the market
is valuing it to me is a good thing. To
me, it's overdue. I I don't know why we
abandon this topic, if only temporarily.
But that's my point of view. Let me know
what you think about privacy altcoins,
the topic of privacy in general in the
comments below. Also, if you want to
join our online discussions, our social
media discussions, they're pretty
lively. They are ongoing. They are on X.
They're on Discord. You can join us by
clicking the links in the description of
this