Hey everyone and welcome back to another
video for today. So AMD, Nvidia, other
chipmaker stocks went down heavily on
Friday. AMD for example went down 7.7%.
Now as you know AMD right now year to
date stock is up 78.4% with a huge move
coming after that open AI deal. What's
also interesting is that the average
analyst price target suddenly sits at
$218.
Prior to the deal, the average analyst
price target was around $160, $170.
Sentiment of course is changing because
well, the business profile of the
company, the revenue profile of the
company has changed because of that
deal. But going back to the question,
this China US trade war tariffs, is it
an issue for a company like AMD? Is it
an issue right now again for a company
like Nvidia? Well, the short answer is
no.
Not really. Why is that? Well, because
we know that the China business for both
of these companies have already been
hit. Literally, there is zero revenue
coming from that right now. Guidance,
they do not include any China revenue
either. We've talked about that 3 months
ago. The MI 308 or the H20 for Nvidia,
they're not included in the guidance. So
it is pure upside if and when they will
recognize revenue coming from China. And
so let's go over a couple of comments
from both of these companies. Let's talk
about well Lisa Sus comments on the open
AI deal and not only the open AI deal.
We're going to go over various analyst
comments on both of these companies. So
without further ado, sit back, relax,
hit all the buttons. We really
appreciate that. that you want to
support me even further, do check out
the link down in the description and in
the pin comment to the top 10 best
stocks to buy now or go to
full.com/couchinvestor.
Thank you very much. All right, so first
up, let's have a look at the overall
China exposure for AMD. Not just the
MI38, but the overall China exposure for
AMD. Last year, last fiscal year, that
was 24.2%
of revenue came from China. The year
before that that was 15.1. This year we
only get those numbers on a yearly
basis. But you can already assume that
this year as a percent of over revenue
it is going to be a little bit lower.
Now what did they tell us? What did AMD
tell us before? Well AMD designed the
MI38 accelerator to comply with earlier
US performance limits for AI chips sold
in China. However, with the new stricter
licensing requirements, well, the MI38's
business basically went down to zero.
Then afterwards, they already announced
that it's going to hurt the business.
The new rule effectively banned sales
without an explicit license leading to
the $800 million inventory write down.
The massive charge was for chips or
parts of chips working process that AMD
couldn't sell as planned. The single
issue caused the 12% sequential decrease
in data center revenue for Q2 2025. The
total revenue hit from these
restrictions is estimated to be even
larger, potentially 1.5 to 1.8 billion
for the full year 2025. And of course,
this is what we've discussed previously,
right? People are say, "Oh, look at this
data center for AMD is coming down
despite the overall industry growing.
How is that possible?" Well, again, the
China business. Now, what was important
to note is that the affected inventory
was work in process, which means even if
a license were to be granted today, AMD
can't ship it immediately. It will take
a couple of quarters to turn those
components into finished tested products
and ship them out because the license
approval is ongoing and the supply chain
ramp up is lengthly. AMD's Q3 2025
guidance excludes any revenue from the
MI308 in China. And so again, I
reiterate, no, the news it's just noise
for now. Of course, we would love it. We
would love it if the China business
starts to grow again. Then as for
Nvidia, well, Nvidia is a completely
different story. If we look at the
overall exposure to China, not just the
H20, we can see here that well, the
exposure to China peaked when well the
overall business took a hit. So that was
26.4%
back in 2022 or fiscal 22. then 21.4,
16.9, 13.1 and over the last 12 months,
11.6%
of overall revenue was China. Now, as
you know, Jensen views China as an
incredible important market. It's a huge
market, of course, a market where you
can make quite a lot of money. Now, they
view this as a massive strategic
necessity, estimating a $50 billion
opportunity in this year alone. Their
strategy to stay competitive amid the
restrictions involves a few key moves.
Now again, we've talked about this, but
at the end of the day, if you don't get
the license, you're not going to be able
to sell your chips into China. Now,
we've been talking about the H20, but
they've also been talking about a scaled
down Blackwell DB30A.
Now, currently, same thing as AMD.
Currently, nothing the China business is
basically at zero. Okay. So, anything
anything positive coming from there is
going to be pure upside. Now, you might
say, "Yeah, but still bad for the
business." Yes. But I would say that now
Nvidia, for example, AMD does get
business from the UAE, Saudis, right?
Okay. Yes, they also need some approvals
here and there, which is what they got
over the last couple of days. So, there
are definitely other markets that could
make up for the loss of the China
business. But as you can see here, the
China business for one year alone this
year, $50 billion. $50 billion. I don't
think either Nvidia or AMD would say,
"Ah, actually we don't care about that
market anymore." No, it's a huge market,
a very very important market as well
that both of those companies would love
to sell to. The question here is when
will that happen? Before moving to some
analyst commentary to AMD particularly
and some Nvidia as well, let's actually
have a listen to what Lisa Sue had to
say after the open AI deal was
announced.
>> You know, we have sized just the AI
accelerator um TAM being, you know, over
$500 billion in TAM over the next few
years. I think some might say, you know,
maybe I was a little conservative in
that TAM analysis. Uh but the way to
think about it is there's so much need
from compute. I mean, you just heard it
from Greg. So, you know, this is a huge
pie and you're going to see the need
for, you know, more players coming into
it. And, you know, from my standpoint,
um, uh, this is a a big validation of
our technology and our capability. Uh,
you know, as much as we love the work
with OpenAI, we're working with a lot of
other, uh, customers as well, there's a
lot of excitement in the industry around
MI450. So, we're ready for it.
>> Let me replay that last part once again.
>> You know, as much as we love the work
with OpenAI, we're working with a lot of
other uh, customers as well. There's a
lot of excitement in the industry around
MI450, so we're ready for it.
>> And so, of course, right now, the big
deal, the big announcement is AMD Open
AI, but as she just said right here,
there's a lot of excitement around the
MI450.
They're talking with a lot of other
customers as well. So, yes, it's true
that a lot of these moves, if not all of
this move, is just because of the
potential revenue that they could
generate just because of that OpenAI
deal. But I also think that because the
MI400 series is completely different to
what they've been releasing up until
now, AMD is going to have a lot of other
big customers, probably some cloud
service providers as well. Moving on to
some analyst comments here. Of course,
all of them came after the announcement.
So, a lot of them are raising their
price target because, well, it is a
gamecher, right? We've got here TD Cohen
basically increasing their price target
by 38.5%.
Barclays by 50%. The key takeaways for
both of those deals here are one 2027
earnings could approach $10 under
conservative assumptions. Fundamentals
remain solid heading into earnings. Beat
and raise is expected. The event focus
here is on the 11th of November. This is
the analyst day and of course OpenAI
partnership is a big one right here. As
for Barclay's OpenAI partnership
designed to be mutually beneficial and
drive stock higher, deal includes
warrants issued at 1 gawatt intervals
with final trench to $600 AMD stock.
It's approximately a trillion dollars in
market cap. It adds $4.5 billion
quarterly run rate to the prior $3
billion calendar year 26 estimate. EPS
impact incremental $1.30 30 cent per
quarter reaching $3 run rate total. So
again here you can see it just changed
the picture completely. So although we
have seen the stock price go up just
like with Neus it went up because the
profile of the business has changed not
necessarily making this name much more
expensive because again it increases
revenue it will increase earnings as
well. Of course, yes, sometimes if your
stock does continue to run up because of
future anticipations, then yes, it will
become way more expensive. Moving on
here, Jeffre UBS also raising their
price target. Jeffre actually raising it
by 76.5%
at the time of the release, $300 price
target. Why is that? Again, the OpenAI
announcement. basically an 80 to 100
billion dollar increase in revenue just
from that deal over the next couple of
years. As for UBS, same thing here. It's
the open AI announcement. All of them
have raised their price target. I do not
see a lot of well pricing multiples that
they've changed, but maybe we'll hear
more about that after the earnings
report. Piper Sandler, Bank of America
also raising their price target.
Although Bank of America didn't raise
their price target by quite a lot, but
both of them talk about the other
potential, right? Not just the OpenAI
deal, but the potential of working with
other CSP partners and how that could of
course continue the growth here of AMD.
In this case, Piper Sandler talks about
the MI500 ship for 2027. already. Moving
on to the last couple of ones, we've got
one from Trourist, one from Stifel. Both
of them again here raising the price
target above 25% from the previous one.
Trourist says validates AMD's shift from
price check to credible AI data center
partner. Calendar year 2027 EPS lifted
to $925
from $789,
right? Previously, we've talked about
that. Actually, AMD was previously
trading at 20 times 2027 EPS. Well,
since now EPS have gone up, well, it's
not necessarily more expensive. And as
for the stifl one, they say here,
management hints at more such
partnerships ahead. Yeah, I guess I'm
not the only one thinking about that.
Last one, Bank of America Securities
raises the price target by 25%. and they
previously had $200. Now that's $250.
Price target raised following OpenAI
partnership announcement. Multi-year
multigenerational deals starting late
2026. Of course, OpenAI received
performance-based warns for up to 160
million AMD shares. Now again, I know I
know what everybody's thinking about
here. Yeah, but what if OpenAI does not
succeed? Yes, that is a risk for the
whole industry because OpenAI does play
a very important part here in this whole
AI ecosystem. That is a big risk. Moving
on to the Nvidia ones, we've got two of
them here. Price target increases are of
course way less than AMD, but still
they're increasing the price target.
They are seeing the following things. We
have here Goldman Sachs and UBS. One has
raised his price target because of
updates on AI ecosystem and strategic
partnerships, investment with OpenAI and
others driving investor debate on deal
structure. Potential circular revenue
from equity finance GPU spent flags for
scrutiny this whole flywheel. OpenAI's
funding needs may reach $75 billion in
2026 supported by equity and debt. And
then Oracle's $18 billion debt raise
shows traction in parterled funding. As
for UBS, Taiwan September ADP exports
were at 14.07 billion. That's down by
16.3% month over month below seasonal.
Second consecutive below seasonal
September, followed by an increase of
29% in August. This implies around $ 48
billion exports for October, up 20%
quarter-over-arter in line with Nvidia's
approximately 22% model growth. Export
data and Nvidia's results remain largely
aligned this quarter and TSMC September
sales were down 1.4% month overmonth,
matching normal seasonality. positive
catalyst year of sentiment. Macro
indicators support inline data center
growth outlook and as you know capex
spending has been increasing quite a lot
according to IDC there is about to
increase by about another 21% in fiscal
2026 to reach around $465
billion. Now, as I've shown you in the
past, the AI revenue as a percent of CSP
capex, the estimated number for 2026 is
that Nvidia is expected to lose share a
little bit. Broadcom is expected to gain
4 percentage points. AMD is expected to
gain 5 percentage points, although that
was before the OpenAI announcement. So,
I would love it if we can get here a new
estimate. And so right now what we're
seeing here is that AMD is taking a
little breather down 10% or so before
the announcement. Of course AMD was
around that 50-day moving average and
then bam that exploded on the way up.
Stock was of course extremely
overbought. As for Nvidia stock was down
around 5% from the peak. The 50-day
moving average sits at $179
uh this stock has also gone up
consistently, right? Staying above the
50-day moving average. Although
sometimes it did drop below but didn't
really stay under it for quite a long
time. And so to conclude that's about
it. The China revenue or the China
business for AMD or Nvidia right now
sits at zero anyways in their own
guidance. So there's really no need to
panic. There's a lot of upside
potential. Yes, that is true. But I do
also think that there is a lot of demand
from other markets out there. So, if
they're not able to sell their chips to
China, they'll probably find ways to
sell their chips somewhere else. So,
overall, that's about it for me in this
video. Enjoy this type of videos, hit
all the buttons, and we'll see each
other in the next one. Bye-bye.
[Music]
[Music]