If you've ever wanted to create a
digital product and actually turn it
into a real income stream, this video
will show you the exact system for you
to follow step by step. And the best
part is you don't need any complicated
tech stack or tools. This video
sponsored by Omnis, the email and SMS
marketing platform built for creators
and entrepreneurs like you. All right,
so without further ado, the system in a
nutshell works in five specific steps.
the core steps for you to follow so that
you can get as much success with your
online business. All right, so let's get
to it. Step number one, we're going to
create our digital product. So your
digital product, it's going to be your
asset. It is going to be your money
maker. And with this product, you're
going to be driving traffic to it. How
do you know what's going to sell,
especially if you don't have an
audience? Well, that's where a little
bit of research, a little bit of
brainstorming and brain jumping comes
in, taking a look at what people are
searching for online already. And
usually what I like to do is see what
people are commenting on places like
YouTube, on Instagram. You know, maybe
there's a question that keeps popping up
and then people are liking it. That
particular comment gets quite a lot of
engagement. That is a good sign that
that is already a need, a need, a
problem where you can offer a solution.
And just to give a bit of context, your
digital product does not need to be
anything too comprehensive. We're not
talking about making a software or
making an app or making a 200page ebook
that just is going to perhaps even waste
your time. So rather than doing that,
we're going to create something that's a
lot easier. I'm going to name a few
digital products that I recommend you
start with, especially if you have no
idea where to begin. And the first is a
short guide or it could be like a mini
ebook. It doesn't have to be a 200page
ebook as said can be as much as you know
30 pages. The thing that I've learned
from creating digital products since
2006 is that more pages does not equal
more value. If you can pack whatever you
know, the knowledge, the skills, the
hobbies, you know, that you've learned
over the years that you want to get
across and teach and train people on,
then you know you can make it into a
30page guide if that's all that's
required to provide those golden
nuggets. The next digital product that
you can create is a simple checklist,
right? It could be a checklist on here's
how to get started with affiliate
marketing. You know, a simple onepager
with a checklist that people can follow.
That already is quite valuable. But not
just any generic checklist. It should be
specific to something that you do, your
procedure, your process, your way of
doing a particular thing. That is what's
going to sell a lot better than just
providing here are some general steps.
The next digital product and one that is
quite easy to create actually because
you may already have it are templates.
Now this could involve graphical
templates. It could mean something like
a system template or a notion template.
The thing is you're probably already
using something like notion and you've
got your own uh page, right? Your own
workspace where you're putting in
something your dashboard. It could be a
content calendar. Why not turn that into
an actual product and sell it as a
product? Because if it's saving you time
already, why not sell it to others? So
that could save them time as well and
get results. Systems and trackers are
another kind of digital product that you
can create. This is defers to templates
because with systems, these are things
that you may already be using like Zapia
uh systems that run on automations or it
could be a tracker where you've got an
Excel sheet and your audience simply
inputs some numbers and their own
metrics and then out comes all of the
results. And finally, the next easiest
digital product to create are
printables. What can you create that can
be printed off that people could use? It
could be a simple planner, could be a
30day guide or a checklist that they one
can follow. If you take a look at Etsy,
that will give you a bigger picture in
terms of what digital products are being
sold. So, that's a great outlet as well
and a great marketplace to look at and a
platform where you can do a bit of
research. The important thing that I've
learned over the years is that if you
can make it less overwhelming and just
solve one problem, right, one problem,
then that is going to be more of a
gamecher and more transformative as
opposed to trying to create a guide or
an online course that is going to
alleviate the pain of many different,
you know, symptoms and all these things,
right? So rather than doing that, fix
one issue and solve that problem as
opposed to going for many. to give you
an idea of a digital product that I
created. This is a PDF on 50 digital
product ideas and I simply listed the 50
kinds of digital products that you can
create yourself such as an online
course, got an ebook, you got planners,
quick start guide, uh workbooks and
worksheets. So, this here is actually
quite relevant to this part of the
video, this section, right? So, if
you're looking for ways or digital
product types, then you can go ahead uh
grab this yourself. I'll link it in the
description box below if you're keen.
But it goes to show it's quite simple to
create one. And you can see where I am.
I am in Canva. And all I did was I
created a new A4 document. So if you
simply go to Canva and search for A4,
that'll give you the dimensions of what
an ebook typically looks like. So we're
going to create a document A4 portrait.
And then on the left you'll see design.
This will give you quite a number of
templates to choose from. Some are paid
ones, so you do need a pro account. If
you don't have a Canva account to begin
with, you can use the link in
description that will give you a 30-day
uh trial of Canva Pro so that you can
actually use some of these for your
digital product. Now, pick one based on
the aesthetics that you like. Of course,
these can also be customized. So, for
instance, if you like this one here,
open it up. Gives you quite a few
layouts to choose from, and you can pick
and choose what you want. So I kind of
started from scratch for this particular
uh product here and then I put a
background here. I put in the text. You
can see 50 digital product ideas. Made
it, you know, a bit more creative there.
And then I went away created my first
draft of this and then I added the
screenshots later. So these are things
you can do to polish up your digital
product. Don't worry too much about
getting it right at the start,
perfecting it. That's what's going to
kill the whole process. And if you want
to get your first digital product out,
it's all about simplicity first. You
don't need to go as fancy as what I've
done here, even though it's quite
minimalist, which is the look that I
went for. But once you've created your
guide like this one here, all you need
to do is click on share, and then we're
going to click on download. Make sure to
export it as a PDF document. Now,
alternatively, you don't need to use
Canva. You can very well use something
like Google Docs, which I've got a full
tutorial on to show you how to create an
ebook or a guide in Google Docs. And
that, as you know, is free as well. So,
depending on what you are selling, what
you're going to do is prepare your
digital product file for basically
distribution. So, if it's a notion
template, you want to grab that share
link. If you if it's a let's say a Zapia
automation, you want to make sure you
are sharing it to the public with a
public link. So only those with that
link can view your automation and maybe
duplicate that workflow. If it's a
printable, you want to save it as a PDF
and making sure it's high quality so
that if they do go out and of course
print it out, it is high quality or it's
going to be high quality on paper. All
right, moving on to step two. We're
going to create a freebie. Now, what's a
freebie? Well, it's something you give
away for free in exchange for a person's
contact details. This is primarily their
email address so that you can follow up
on those who opted in and said, "Yes,
you know, I claimed this ebook, this
guide. I want to learn more about this
subject." And that's the exchange that
is given. This is also known as a lead
magnet because your freebie, this your
guide, whatever it is that you're giving
away, which I'll explain in this uh
step, is the magnet, right? It's
magnetizing your audience to your offer.
And then with this freebie, we're going
to lead them to the actual full digital
product, but it's a little taster. It's
a little teaser into, you know, them
getting to trust you first before making
that buying decision. this converts a
lot better rather than straight out the
gate, you know, trying to sell your
digital product when they in fact
perhaps don't even know what you have to
offer, what's the value you're going to
give, right? So rather than doing that,
here's something you can take for free,
no strings attached. And then, you know,
I will subtly mention my digital product
later on. And these will be all in the
next few steps. So, what can you give as
a freebie? Well, one of the easiest
things you can do is offer a stripped
down version of your full digital
product. So, going back to my 50 doodle
product ideas example once again, I
could maybe provide a one pager with 10
proven digital product ideas. And if
they find value in that, that's where
you can mention that, hey, I've got all
your more digital product ideas in my 50
digital product ideas. Click this link.
that will take you to the checkout page
for this right here. So, that's an
example of stripping down a full digital
product. Now, alternatively, you can
provide something different, but you
have to make sure it stays on topic. It
stays relevant to the offer, your main
offer. Otherwise, the conversions won't
be high at all. And here's a pro tip.
You don't want to overwhelm them with a
lot of different tips, a lot of
different systems or guides or
templates. All right, we are going to
just fix one thing and really dial in
when it comes to this. It's really hard
to or may be hard to wrap your head
around this. Certainly always does for
me because when I'm giving away things,
I like to overd deliver, making sure I
give all the bells and whistles. Here
you go. So that they're starting on the
right foot. But in fact, a freebie or a
lead magnet should only involve one
thing. They should take that away and be
able to implement it within let's say
half an hour. So that's a guide and a
principle that you can follow when
creating a lead magnet. The thing is you
want to leave room and an appetite for
them to grab that full course or that
full guide ebook template that you are
of course wanting to sell. So the
process is quite similar to whatever
you're doing with creating your digital
product. So if you're creating in in
Canva, just create a new project but
provide just let's say the 10 digital
product ideas that you are wanting to
give away free and that's it. All right.
So same process as step one. And that's
all you're doing for step two. All
right. Moving on to step three. We're
going to set up automations in our email
marketing platform. And the one that I
recommend and who kindly sponsored this
video, I actually use this or have been
using it for a couple of years now is
Omniscent. So, if you look in the
description box below, that will take
you to this page here to give you a bit
of background of what Omnis uh is. And
what it can do is when someone opts into
your newsletter or if they let's say put
their hand up and say, "Hey, I want that
freebie of yours." They can enter their
email and then their email and the your
contacts will be stored on the databases
of Omnis to put it in really simple
terms. And then with that, you've got
tools such as automations that you can
run on certain days. With Omnis, the
pricing is free for the first 250
contacts. So, it's great if you're just
starting out and you want to play around
with Omnis. This is also going to give
you access to the tools that you'll need
for this system. So, go to that link,
click on start now, set up your account,
and I've got a full tutorial on setting
up your Omniscent account in the
description box below. So, I won't run
through every single process in this
particular video, but once you're in
your account, you want to head to
automations because this is what's going
to help you run your automated business
and sell that digital product of yours.
So, right here, you can click on start
workflow. And with workflows, what
happens with workflows is you can set
your emails to send out on predetermined
days on Omnis. That's a great thing
about Omnis. And when you click on start
workflow, and once you're in here, we're
going to click on create workflow. And
don't worry about the workflows down the
bottom. We're going to create one from
scratch. And what you're essentially
going to do is I'm going to make this
really simple. All right. On day zero,
which is once they opt in to receive
that freebie of yours, which you created
in step two, you want to make sure you
deliver that freebie immediately. In
days one, you share a quick win or tip
related to your topic. So let's say
we're talking about uh yoga, all right,
yoga. And you can share a quick win or
tip related to your topic. So it could
be that one move that you can do every
day to improve your posture. So provide
that in an email. Day two, tell a short
story or case study. So these are just
examples. Make up your own, but this is
what I recommend you do in terms of the
emails that get sent out. Day three,
give another valuable insight tool. Day
five, subtly introduce your digital
product. So this way, you're not being
pushy right off the bat. And day seven,
you're going to share testimonials,
results, or a final reminder to check
out your product. And how you can do
this in omniscent is right here. You
define uh who enters it. So here the
trigger, we can start by selecting
entered a segment and then selecting
which specific segment they entered. So
I've got quite a few segments here. You
can name them yourself once you've
created your actual form, your opt-in
form. Again, link to setting up your
Omnisent account will be in description
box below. So, follow that before you
follow this. And then what you're going
to do is just drag and drop email. And
then this is where you can set up your
email. We can say, "Welcome.
Here's your download." All right. Uh,
enter a pre header and the sender's
name. So, I'm going to put in here. And
then down the bottom, we're going to
click on edit content. That will take
you to the area, the editor, where you
can write your email. All right. And
once you've written your email, I'm just
going to put some dummy text here. I'm
going to click on content and then some,
let's say, body content right here. All
right. And that's it. We're going to
click on finish editing. Let's say we
are done with our day zero. I'm missing
quite a bunch of things. So, of course,
don't follow it to the tea, but you
know, this is a preheader. And then what
you're going to want to do is put in a
delay after that gets sent. So, we're
not going to wait 1 minute. That's going
to be too annoying. Remember the
sequence, if we refer back to this, we
want to wait 1 day since they opted in.
So, here you can set your days. We're
going to go one, but instead of minutes,
we're going to go day. So that way we're
going to then allow the audience to wait
for one day until we send another email.
And this is where the second email get
gets shared. So share a quick win or
related tip. You rinse and repeat the
same thing in terms of adding that
email, adding the subject line, and of
course eding editing the content. And
then once again, we're going to add
another delay, but this time we're going
to wait another 1 day. Bear in mind that
you choose a time delay between the last
and the next workflow step. So, we're
going to just put in one day instead of
two days since they opted in. That's
just the way that it works. And then
we're going to click on one day. So, do
this until you have the this suggested
number of emails. You don't have to
strictly follow it. And you can continue
on, let's say, with day 14. So, one
email a week later since the last email
that was sent. You know, this is just a
suggestion. And this is something that's
worked for me as well without getting,
you know, without being too in your face
with your subscribers. Because the thing
with this is you're sharing value.
You're not actually selling and being
pushy and being direct in terms of
selling your digital product. The key
here is each email aim should be to help
them first. Offer value first. When you
consistently add value, people will
likely trust you and therefore they'll
easily make that buying decision to buy
them your product. And really, once
you've set up your automation, it will
run on its own. So, as soon as someone
opts in to uh grab your freebie, that
will then be entered into this sequence.
There's nothing for you to send every
single day. There's nothing for you to
do or cold call. None of that. All of it
happens in the automations in your
Omniscent account. Now, the great thing
about OmniScent is whenever you want to
send a newsletter or a broadcast message
on the spot, let's say you want to send
it at 8:00 p.m. tonight or 8:00 a.m. uh
this morning, then you can create a new
campaign, just like how I create my
campaigns here, and then that will get
sent. So, let's say this is just to show
you an example. This is my last email
that I sent eight AI tools. They save
you time. I'm just going to view the
email so you can see what it looks like.
And there you go. You can send simple
emails like this to drive traffic to
your latest video, your latest content.
And in this case, you can certainly
drive traffic to your offers too and
make like instant sales because that's
getting broadcasted to, you know, those
who actually opted in to receive news
and updates from you. Once again, if you
want all these automations to happen,
make sure to grab your Omniscent
account, 250 contacts for free. Nothing
to pay. Let's move on to the next step.
All right, step number four. We're going
to set up our shop to actually sell our
digital product. The one that I've been
recommending is PayHip to begin with
because there's no charges on a monthly
or yearly basis. Just take a look at
their pricing on their page. $0. The
only thing is you only get charged when
you actually make a sale, which is quite
great, especially if you're just
starting out. You're on a budget. Uh 5%
transaction fees, all you need to pay
plus any PayPal/ Sprite fees. and that's
quite little compared to another
competitor like Gumroad or Lemon
Squeezy. So, makes it really affordable.
And once you begin to make a lot of
sales, a lot of volume, then you can
consider one of the other plans because
at the $99 per month pro plan, there's
no transaction fees at all, which quite
makes sense if you are wanting to save.
So, without a doubt, start with PayHip
because this is going to allow you to
set up your own shop. And then once
you're in there, you can set up your
product by going to your product
section, then clicking on add new.
There's quite a few of my test ones
right here. When you click on new, your
product may be something of, you know,
high value. And depending on the way
that you price things in your business,
that's what's going to determine your
pricing. If you're going for lower
ticket, lower price to get people to
funnel and funnel them into it and then
perhaps offer upgrades or upsells, then
yeah, you might sell your product for $7
and then after that you've got an
upgrade for a $47 product that bumps up
your sale and customer value even more.
But to start off with, you know, if you
don't know where to price things and
let's say you're selling a simple guide,
$7 might just be it. All right? Because
you want to make that first sale. So
don't make it too high what you're
selling it for. even though you may
think it's quite a lot of value that
you're offering. Um, but if you're just
a complete beginner, then maybe selling
it and pricing it lower will help
introduce your offers, other things to
your audience. And then what you do is
you can upload some images up to nine
items. Here you can very well embed
video as well just to demonstrate what
it is that you are selling. under
description. This is where you write
your sales copy and you can use the
assistance of chat GBT or Claude to help
you write up something that is engaging
and that may be of high conversion. And
then right here you've got some advanced
options if you do want to do things like
this product is tax exempt. So a few
other things that Payip allows you to
do. Once you add it, you should have
something that looks like this. So this
is for example a pack of wallpapers that
I'm selling just for demonstration
purposes. is I've got my bunch of
wallpapers here, cover images, and then
here's my copy. Get access to 10
beautiful and aesthetic desktop
wallpapers. And then you can sell it.
All right. And the great thing about
AHIP is you can offer different levels
or packages. Let's say basic plan or a
pro plan, even though it's not
description based. You can call it
something like basic and pro or silver
and gold pack. In this instance, we've
got a basic pack for $10 and a pro pack
for $20. And by the way, yes, this is a
great digital product idea as well by
selling wallpapers for graphics and
designs as well. So by doing this, all
right, we are essentially creating two
different products and allowing you to
increase the value of each customer. For
this example, I'm going to make it
visible so you can see what it looks
like. Going to save that. Now, I'm going
to find it back in my product section
and then click on view so that you can
preview what it looks like. There we go.
We've got the basic and the pro. And if
someone does want the pro for, you know,
there 10 additional wallpapers, they can
do that. Rather than selling for $10,
you've got $20 right off the bat. On add
to cart, we'll add it to the cart. Check
out works beautifully. And by the way,
if you want a full comprehensive
tutorial on setting up your PayP
account, I've also got a tutorial on
that. Link to that will be in
description box below that will talk
more about things like the marketing
tools that you can implement as well.
So, you can offer coupon codes, you can
set up an affiliate program, you've got
built-in mailing lists, but I do don't
recommend this one since it's quite
limited and very basic. You can
cross-ell your other products and also
offer upgrades right there. And then,
let's say for this product here, you can
offer this product as an upgrade or
let's say special discount of 50%. And
you can up add that upgrade right there.
The other thing that you want to make
sure you set up, and I also explained
this in the full tutorial, is your
store, right? You want to create your
store using the store builder. This is
kind of like your own Shopify store
where you can feature the products that
you do want listed. Since I made the
modern desktop wallpapers visible, you
can see it here. All right, so that's
that. Payhip. You want to make sure you
upload your product onto your Payhip
shop account. And just to give you a bit
of reference, your store is essentially
payit.com/the
username that you selected when you set
up your account. Step number five, we
are going to actually get that audience
to see our offers. So with that said,
you do want to drive traffic to your
freebie. And where you begin is you
start posting content, right? For me, my
main channel is on YouTube. As you know,
with every single video that does get
published, you can check out the
description and there's a bunch of
links. That's where I usually link my
CTAs, right? Things that I'm trying to
sell, things that I talked about in the
video products as an affiliate. That's
an opportunity, right? You want to grab
as much attention, as much eyeballs to
your offers via content marketing. Now,
you can start with Instagram. You can
start with whatever platform that you
are comfortable with in sharing your
knowledge, your skills, and the things
that you know, but that's the way to
gather leads. That's the way to also get
people to see your freebie. There's no
other quick way. Unfortunately, you
know, if you want to build a real
long-term business and organically, it's
by posting content on a consistent
basis, whether that's once a week or
once a day. You know, make it as
sustainable as you can. We all have 24
hours in a day, so it just depends how
your routine is. And if you want to use
a content calendar to help you, which is
what I do, I've also got a link to my
master YouTube content planner that
helps me post on a weekly basis. If
you're interested in following that sort
of system, I'll link it in description
box below. for whatever it is, you know,
whatever platform it is, you want to
stay consistent on that platform,
sharing it. What you know, the key is to
link your freebie on the bio or you
could even use tools like uh many chat
to get your audience to DM you a
specific keyword or tag. You would have
come across this from other creators and
then that will automatically send that
freebie. All right. So, let's go back to
that example of, you know, the 10
digital product ideas. And I could get
someone uh to DM the word ideas, all
right, quote unquote ideas. And then
that will automatically send that PDF,
that one pager of 10 digital product
ideas, and then funnel them into my
Omniscent account. And the great thing
about Many Chat is that it does have an
integration with Zapia which allows you
to create these workflows. So if someone
let's say opens a chat or a new trigger
happens then they will automatically get
onto your Omnis database to create a new
subscriber and that way they're in your
database and then they will start
receiving your automations your sequence
right here. Your day 0 1 2 3 all of that
all happens on the back end. Can you see
how powerful this is? You know, all
you're doing that is perhaps active is
driving people to your offer. Your
product's already been created. Your
freebies already been created. So, focus
on getting as much eyeballs and
attention to your freebie and your
offer. So use and utilize leverage the
power of tools like many chat or make
sure that there's a clear call to action
wherever you're posting content whether
that's YouTube, Instagram, Tik Tok or
LinkedIn or Facebook wherever it may be
so that they are getting value from that
freebie first. My favorite way of course
is here on YouTube because I see it as
an evergreen platform where you know you
are posting your videos and then that
video those videos will stay there for
the life of it as long as it's on there
and if you are targeting and you're
optimizing your videos in a in a manner
that targets search engines that is on
YouTube and Google because Google does
list YouTube videos too. You want to
make sure you enter those keywords in.
Uh for example, you are sharing a video
on you know omnis tutorial. You want to
make sure those keywords are in the
title and description of your videos.
Tags don't matter, but those are things
you can do. These little tweaks to get
your video ranked and then therefore
gaining organic traffic through those
videos. So the more videos you're
posting, the more of a chance that your
videos are going to be shown to the eyes
of YouTube audience and therefore then
funnel them into your offers. So in
closing, that is it. That is the simple
system that you can follow to begin with
if you're just starting out and run
these sorts of automations so that you
can create your first product, get your
freebie out there, and get that sale.
It's a powerful but simple system that
I've been following for many years and
it just simply works. Again, links to
all the tools and resources that I
talked about in this video will be in
the description box below. By the way,
if you use my link and my coupon code
when signing up to Omnisend, you do get
30% off for the first 3 months. So, code
is Aurelius 30. And then with any of the
plans that you see here, that'll grant
you 30% off for the first 3 months. But
there we go. Any questions about this
video, feel free to leave them in the
box below. Thanks so much for watching
and I will leave up a couple of relevant
videos for you to watch here and here.
I'll see you there.