Wall Street analysts spend millions of
dollars every single year trying to
predict the stock market. But what if I
told you that there's a brand new AI
tool that can break down stocks faster,
cheaper, and more accurately than they
can because I just found a brand new AI
tool that makes stock market research so
easy that it feels like cheating.
Because this tool can scan the web and
gather all the information about the
company that you tell it, both from the
latest news and from expert analyst
opinions and even pulling in real-time
sentiment in order to give you a
complete picture before you make any
moves. By the end of this video, you're
going to know exactly what that tool is
and a few other use cases that you could
use it for. Now, that brand new AI tool
that I'm talking about is going to be
Barry AI because you can come over here,
you can spin up a new chat and ask it
something like this. Perform a detailed
analysis of the best dividend returning
stocks that I should invest in today.
I'm looking for stocks with not only the
best returns, but also that are the best
price today. And then what I'm going to
make sure that I do is I'm going to make
sure that I click on deep research right
here. And this is then going to go
through and create a deep research
report of exactly what I want done. Now,
what makes Barry Aai special is the way
that it is actually going to approach
us. Because what this is going to do is
this is going to go through and think
and then ask me a few different
questions. And I'm going to go through
and reply to these. Then you're going to
see exactly how this breaks this out.
Okay. So, the first question that this
asks is where it actually wants to look.
For example, US, Europe, or global. Two,
what is the definition of best priced?
Three, what is the time horizon for your
investment? for do you have any specific
sectors or industries that you want to
avoid? Then also what level of risk that
you have. Now, I really like that it
asked this because with us asking us to
do this, these things are going to be
highly relevant. So, I told it to do
US-based best price, meaning that it's
undervalued today based on their
analysis. Three, I'm looking for
long-term holdings, one plus year. I
don't care about the industry or sector,
and I have a low risk tolerance. Now,
what this is going to do is this is
going to take all that information and
then it's going to spin up a bunch of
different sub aents that are going to
perform subtasks in order to actually do
this in an efficient manner. Because if
you ask just a regular LLM to do this,
what's going to happen is it's going to
go off and try to do each of these
things one by one individually. And
that's not very efficient and it doesn't
lead to a very good answer. And that's
what makes Barry AI special is the way
that it actually approaches this
problem. So we can actually watch this
and see the way that it's thinking
through things right here. And we can
expand on this right here. So okay,
let's break this down mentally. It goes
through what it needs to do first and
then what it needs to do after that and
then what it needs to do after that with
a bunch of different sub points at each
of these and it also goes through
challenges and mitigations. And now we
could see that this is actually
generating a plan and then it's going to
make this happen. And then this is what
that actually looks like when it begins
to break everything out. We could see
that this actually created a to-do right
here. And then it's going to go through
each of these in live time. And we are
actually going to be able to watch it do
this by looking at the console right
here, which is pretty incredible because
again, this allows us to in live real
time see exactly what it's doing, what
it's taking into consideration with its
analysis. And we're going to be able to
track this. And look at this. We have
all these different tasks happening at
one time. We have market screening and
initial filtering. Then we have company
level fundamental analysis. Then we have
valuation and risk. We have growth
analysts. We have sector
diversification. We have portfolio
construction. And we can see all the
different tasks that are happening under
each of these. And again, this is what
makes Barry AI special. And this isn't
only good for analyzing stocks or
analyzing stock portfolios because there
are a ton of other use cases that you'll
be able to tie this to that I'm going to
share with you in a little bit. And if
at any point you wanted to see what it's
actually doing in each of these, we
could go through and we can scroll
through all of these in order to access
them or we could download them or open
them up on our behalf. Or we could just
jump over to current in order to see
where it currently is. And as you could
see, you could see from this view when
it's actually finishing each of these
subtasks and you'll be able to see
exactly what it did at each one of these
levels. Now again, take into
consideration all this. Just in one of
these, it went through and did eight
different things. And it is doing that
four times, four times, five times. This
right here is 17 times, 21 times, 25
times. So this is literally taking in
hundreds, if not thousands of different
little data points, different websites,
and that is what makes this tool so
special. And it's why this output is
going to be so good once it's done.
Okay, now this is almost done going
through everything. We could see that it
is done with some things, but it's still
working on a few of these. But we could
see that we now get a bunch of different
files here. From these files, we can
view these in order to see what this is
actually taking into consideration or we
could download them if we wanted to. And
we can even bulk download them. So, we
get all of them in one shot. Okay. So,
now this is actually done. This is going
through and we could see that this gave
us a detailed analysis of the best
US-listed dividend stocks currently
undervalued suitable for long-term
holding over one year with a focus on
lowrisk options. We could see the
executive summary here which outlines
the screening criteria and a bunch of
other things. We could see the table of
contents right here and we could
actually scroll through and see all
these different insights and all these
different things that this went through.
And we can see that this is a pretty
long, very detailed report right here
with closing remarks and even appendices
right here. But the coolest part is that
if we click on this URL right here, we
can actually see this in a visual
manner. It shows us the top undervalued
dividend stocks, the current market
environment, different investment
criteria, the research methodology, key
risk considerations, investment strategy
summary. This is pretty cool because we
could send this around if we wanted to
or we also have the final report in PDF
format and we could see it's 14 pages
long. We'd be able to download this if
we wanted to. We'd be able to share this
URL if we wanted to. Or like I showed
you earlier, if we wanted to actually
see all the individual things that it
looked at and went through in order to
actually come up with this, we could
download all these in bulk or view them
individually or even download them
individually. Now, before we get into
the three other use cases that are going
to blow your mind with this tool, I
wanted to remind you that you could go
to the pin comment below and get started
with Barry Aai today because this tool
right here is going to make your life so
much easier and you're going to regret
it if you don't register for it. And I
don't want you to think that this only
works for something like stocks. You
could also get this to actually code
things for you. For example, we could
come over here and we can say, "Please
build a landing page for my dividend
stock course." And now what this is
going to do is ask us a few questions
again. And then this is going to go off
and this is actually going to code
something for us. And in addition to
just being able to code things from
scratch, it can also clone GitHub repos,
it can make edits to GitHub repos, it
can debug code and it can do so much
more. And we can see right here that
this literally goes through and in a few
seconds created the HTML that we needed
right here. And then I'm going to say,
please add all of that in. And let me
preview it here
in the chat. And you'll be able to see
that very quickly and very easily this
was able to do this, which again makes
Barry AI have so many different use
cases. When we actually view this, we
could see that this is exactly what this
looks like right here. Now, obviously,
we would have to come over here. We'd
have to add in our course logo. We would
have to add in an image right here like
it told us in the chat. But we could see
that this generated very quickly a
landing page for us that we can now come
through and customize. Now the second
use case that I wanted to show off is
we're going to come over here and we're
going to say please create a business
plan for launching a men's luxury shoe
brand sourced from China focusing on
rebranding market research sourcing
pricing marketing and expansion for the
UK and EU markets. And again we're going
to do this under deep research mode.
This is then going to ask us a few
questions. It is going to build out a
plan and then we're going to have an
incredibly detailed business plan. You
guys saw earlier how good this was at
doing stock analysis. Just wait until
you see what this business plan looks
like. Okay. So, from here, this went
through and created an outline for what
this business plan is going to look like
for this men's luxury shoe brand. We
could see that we have an executive
summary, market research, branding. We
see sourcing and production. And if we
scroll down, we could see that it asks,
"Would you like me to create a detailed
financial production or marketing
campaign next?" And I said, "Yes, please
do it for each of these." And then it
went through, asked a few clarifying
questions, and I told it that I wanted
it for each step of this plan. Now, we
could see that this has broken out again
into all of its thinking. We could see
that it's developed a real plan, and now
it's going through, it's going to spin
up the console, and this is going to
start to make things happen. Now, I've
already walked you through exactly how
this breaks everything out, subtasks,
how you can view it in the console. So,
once this is done, I'm going to show you
what the final output looks like. Okay,
so now this is actually done. Here's
what we've got. We got a business plan
for launching a men's luxury shoe brand
sourced from China for UK and UE
markets. We have the executive summary
here. We can see that we have a table of
contents, which again goes through all
the different things that you saw in the
initial plan. And we could see that now
each of these is incredibly broken out.
It gives us data, gives us insights,
gives us implications, which allows us
to have a way more robust business plan.
And we could see that we could scroll
down this for each one of these. So this
not only designed the business plan for
us, but also went and found the data,
did the analysis, did the insights, and
gives us those implications. So we can
actually deliver this to an investor or
to a co-founder or to a team internally
if this was something that you were
doing inside of another company. Now, if
we scroll all the way down, what you
were going to notice is that this also
went through and created a URL for us.
So, we could see this business plan
visually right here. In addition to
that, it gives us the final report right
here, which again is going to be 17
pages long. And we could download this,
we could share this, and we can also
access all 21 of the different files,
different links, different things that
it looked at in order to actually
perform this task. Now the third use
case I wanted to showcase here is how
this can actually go through and do
pretty complex data analysis. For
example, if I ask this to generate a
detailed financial analysis of Netflix
using their 2021 to 2023 statements
highlighting its strengths, risks, and
key performance metrics for strategic
review. This will actually go through
and do that. So again, per usual, it
asks a few questions. From here, it goes
through and actually thinks about
exactly how it should do this, lining it
out into a six-step plan. And then for
13 minutes, this went through and
processed tons of different things. For
example, the SEC filings. It went
through and did data quality and
reconciliation. It went through and
actually analyzed Netflix's financial
plans and their trends. It developed
KPIs and performance metrics. And then
at the end here, we could see that it
went through competitive benchmarking,
market context, Netflix risk assessment,
and even a strategic analysis and
insights. And we could go through as
deeply as we want and drill into
everything that this did. And then this
is what we have right here. We have this
pretty complex analysis of Netflix's
stock, their financial histories, their
cash flows, their strengths, their
risks, key performances, content
spending patterns, foreign exchange
exposure and hedging strategies, which
is something I didn't even think about
and a bunch of other things. And if we
scroll all the way down here to the
bottom, as you can see, this is
incredibly long. Then we have this URL
right here to the Netflix financial
dashboard if we wanted to share this
with somebody or if we wanted to view
this visually very quickly. We also have
the final report right here which as we
could see is 15 pages long. And we have
all the different files that were used
in order to actually create this. Now,
if you enjoyed this video, I'd strongly
suggest you check out this video right
here that walks you through seven other
AI tools that I personally can't live
without. I'll see you over there.