I bet you've been told to hit up on your
driver, but I'm here to tell you that
could actually be making you worse. But
in this video, I'm going to show you how
to do it in such a way that actually
makes you a better golfer. That's not
going to get it done in this hole. That
was big slice high out to the right and
hasn't gone particularly far. So, why
did that slice? Well, I did hit up on
the golf ball. So, I ticked that box.
You can see my attack angle was
significantly up. But what you're going
to find for many golfers is that you get
that you get a high slice. If you're
someone who already slices it, it's
going to make it worse. So, why does
that happen? And then we'll dive into
the correct way to do it. Well, if you
look at that golf I just made, you'll
see that I just basically kept myself
way behind the golf ball. I was kind of
almost falling back when I hit it. Now,
what that does is it causes me to hit
the golf ball much later in the swing.
So, my golf club has got more time to
bottom out and then move upwards through
the golf ball. So, I'm more likely to be
hitting up on the golf ball. And we saw
that from the data. But what we also
have to realize is that when I hit the
ball later in the arc, the golf club is
traveling somewhere else. So, the golf
club when we hit the ball later in the
arc is traveling more and more to the
left. So this golf club at this stage in
my swing is traveling significantly up
but way to the left. So when we catch
the ball later in the swing, two things
happen. We hit more up. Great. We saw
that from the data. But you also swing
more left. And that left swing creates
that slice. So there's a better way to
do it which is going to get you to hit
up on it to maximize that distance, get
you to it further, but keep the ball in
play and actually work towards a little
bit of a draw. If this alignment stick
is going to represent my golf swing. So
you can see it there. It's sort of on an
arc. It's never traveling in a straight
line. So if I set it here, the low point
of my golf swing currently is exactly
where the ball is. So I wouldn't be I
wouldn't be hitting up. I wouldn't be
hitting down. I'd be hitting perfectly
level. But I'd also have my swing path
pretty straight. On that first
demonstration, all I did is I shifted my
circle back. So you can see that from
that face on camera now I would be
hitting up on the golf ball but you can
see from that down the line I would be
hitting significantly left and that is
the issue. What I would rather you do
and I'm going to teach you how to do
this in this video with some pretty
simple drills is to take this circle
that you swing on and twist it. So watch
what happens if I twist my swing more
out to the right. Well, when I twist it
more out to the right, two things
happen. Number one, the lowest part of
that swing moves back behind the golf
ball. So that means I will hit up on the
ball. Of course, that's ticked that box.
But look at where the club would be
traveling. It will be traveling still
pretty straight. So, what we need to do
is we need to learn how to not move the
circle back, but how to shift the circle
and change what we call the swing
direction more out to the right. So, how
do we change swing direction, which is
ultimately twisting your circle more out
to the right? Well, I'm going to run you
through a kind of series of drills or
exercises. I'd love you to do these.
It's going to create some different
feels I think you've had before. And
then once we start to layer those up and
hit some shots, you'll see how it sort
of creates this much better swing
direction. We get that attack angle that
we want, but we keep the ball in play.
And the first little drill I want you to
do is quite an extreme drill, but you're
going to make a regular back swing. So,
you're going to make your normal back
swing, but then what I want you to do is
simply take the club head and put it on
the ground
behind you. So, it's behind me. It's
actually outside of my heels. So, I'm
simply going to go to the top, put the
club on the ground,
and then from there, I'm going to now
rotate my body through and swing my arms
right the way through to a finish.
Now, if we look at that again
and look at the specifics, there's two
things that are really happening there
that are quite significant. The first
thing would be for me to put the glove
on the ground in the place that I
described, what does my rotation do?
nothing. My rotation of my body is
non-existent. It's not there. But what
are my arms doing relative to my body?
They're lowering. And then from here,
what do we then do? We then turn through
and we swing our arms this way. Now, for
many of you who struggle to hit up on
the golf ball at the moment, it will
often be because you have the opposite
movements. you'll have plenty of body
rotation,
but then the arms tend to swing down
much later. So, you can see what that
does to the attack angle. It's more
likely to make it more negative hitting
down. So, the only way that you can hit
up on the ball with that swing shape is
just to sort of lead everything back and
hope that you hit the ball late enough.
That's when we get those slices. So,
that first little exercise is really
changing that relationship. If I try and
put the club on the ground, but as I do
that, I turn,
it's really hard to do that. So, simply
putting the club on the ground,
then turning
is the first little exercise. Now, if
you just look at what the club head is
doing through the impact zone when I do
that drill, if I do it kind of slow
motion, it's on the ground turning. Look
how the club head is coming in from and
it's going to start to swing up off the
ground. So, it's very, very clear from
that demonstration that my club is
traveling up, but it's also traveling
out to the right. If you can hit up on
the ball and swing pretty straight, if
not to the right, that is the perfect
recipe. That's what the best players,
that's what your Rory Mroy of the world
do. Yes, they hit up on it, but they hit
high draws. So, the next stage to that
will be to say, let's introduce the body
rotation and what I call catch the club
before it hits the ground. So, we're
going to make the same movement this
way, but before the club hits the
ground, we're going to catch it with
body rotation. So, my body rotation
starts to get introduced a little bit
sooner. So, we do the same movements. We
try and put the club on the ground, but
we let the body catch up much sooner.
And what you're going to start to see
now
is that we start to get working towards
something that looks a little better. We
start to get towards something where the
golf club is lowering. Don't get that
confused with shallowing. Shallowing
would be when we sort of change the
shaft angle. We're not doing that so
much, but we're looking to get the club
to lower, which gets it to be more on
the inside and then we catch it with
body turn. So, we're not now clipping
the ground, but we're starting to get
these movements where the arms are
lowering, the body's rotating, and then
we finish in this full position. What
I'm really looking for, if I can slow my
swing down or I can pop it on video, I
want my golf club
at last parallel. So when the club shaft
is level with the ground, I really want
that club head not in line with my hands
or parallel to this alignment stick. I
want the club head more behind my hands.
Now because we're hitting the ball on
the up, we have to do that significantly
more than we would do with an iron. I
don't don't want to get too much into
that in this video, but it's something
called Dplay. So this is what I'm
looking for. So the more I can make this
little move and sort of club down, body
turns,
we start to get that. we start to get
the hands and arms into a good position.
We start to get the club head into a
really nice position relative to the
hands. And then we can go ahead and
swing through. Now, the only addition to
this would be from that face on,
what is my body weight doing?
Up,
club goes down, club goes down. What are
my weight doing?
It's going forwards. So, the big message
here is I'm not hitting up on the ball
simply by taking my circle and shifting
it back. That was what I did in the
first shot, the first demonstration that
gave me that high weak slice. Moving the
circle back to hit up on it is the worst
thing you can do. It's going to create
slices even if you're not a slicer to
begin with. What we are doing is we're
taking our circle and we are shifting
it. And actually when I shift it, I can
still have my hips moving forwards, but
I'm twisting my circle more out to the
right. That causes the swing direction
to be more to the right. It causes the
low point to be much sooner and I get
all of those things that I want. Now, at
this stage, I haven't hit a ball and you
haven't hit a ball. So, what we can do
is we can start to bring a golf ball in.
But there's one little addition that I
want to make in this little drill to
make it visually easy for you to do
this. A ramp. Now, this is it's just
made of foam, super light. You can see
what kind of angle it is. Quite a
shallow angle. This is great as just a
visual cue. I want to place it in front
of the golf ball, and I want to actually
place it slightly on an angle. So, this
would be in front of the golf ball at
sort of 90 degrees to where I'm trying
to go, but I'm actually going to try and
spin it around a little bit so it's at a
slight angle. You'll see that from that
camera angle there. What this is going
to do now is it's going to give me a
visual. It's going to give me a visual
that I want to be putting the club on
the ground as my focus, collecting that
with rotation so that my golf club
bottoms out, collects the golf ball, and
works up the ramp. Now, I'm not going to
make contact with that. It's purely
there for a visual cue. Visual cues are
so powerful if done in the right way.
So, what I would love you to do now as
the next progression is have a couple of
rehearsals and then clip the ball.
Nowhere near full speed. So I'm going
up. Club on the ground. Club on the
ground. Collect it before it hits the
ground. And we go through. Now I
actually caught the ground a little bit
before the ball. But you saw that ball
flight. It's only gone 100 yards. Wasn't
particularly useful on this hole. Little
bit right to left. Look at my attack
angle. Way, way positive. But look at my
path out to the right. I'm going up.
Club on the ground. club on the ground.
Do that a couple of times and then catch
it with the body turn.
And again, not particularly far. That
ball is bounded down the fairway, but
you can see the curve on it out to the
right, curving back. I've got my full
swing kit here. That's given me the
data. I can see my path. I can see my
attack angle. I can see everything
falling into place because I've done the
right exercises. I've worked myself
through the levels. The next phase is
just to start to introduce a little bit
more speed. Pluck the cup on the ground.
Catch it with the body turn.