Wow, look at that drawing back. You
know, I felt like I hardly touched that.
This move's going viral right now. And
it's the slingshot golf swing. It's
helping golfers add up to 30 plus yards
of effortless distance. And the key
thing is they're not even swinging
harder. And when I've seen the sling
swing on YouTube before, it has actually
amazed me why no coach has never talked
about this core to why it works. And
this is where we are going to start.
Now, I'm going to break it down into
three levels today. Level one, how to
feel the sling. Level two, how to groove
it in for consistency. And level three,
this is a biggie, how to make it stick
for years. And when one of my students
developed the sling swing, you should
have seen the yardage that they had. 280
yards, high draws down the middle like
eight times out of 10. What a move. Now,
this is level one, the core. So, the
first thing I want you to realize that
if we want that power in our golf swing,
we have to make sure what starts our
swing is correct. So, often we get great
posture, we get a great grip, but many
people's first move is to move their
hands and their arms more in an upwards
fashion. Or the alternative to that is
just move them around the body. Now, you
might feel as though you are turning
your chest, but the reality is you're
not. So, let me show you those two
again. Either this or this. This one's
hard to see sometimes this because it
actually looks like you've made a turn,
but you haven't. Look where my chest is
pointing. It's moved from there to
there. That isn't enough. So, I want you
to have the idea right now at level one.
This is grooving the sling.
The rib cage moves first. Okay. So, a
really nice way of bringing this into
your swing is just like this. Right.
Couple of drills here for you at level
one. First one, put the golf club into
your belly button. Then just take a grip
as if you're in golf posture. It might
feel a little funny where you're holding
it, but do not worry. It's just about
really initiating this as your starting
point. So the old versions, this butt
end would come off really early. I want
you to keep the butt end in your belly
button up to your hands at hip height.
Now look how much more turn I have here.
Then complete. Wowers. I can feel the
difference here. Look at my shoulders.
Look at my chest. My rib cage has moved.
The key and the crucial part to this is
why it's the core is number one, you're
actually moving your core. But number
two, you're actually starting to move
your rib cage more. Okay? And it
underpins every move. This is so
essential. You saw this part here. One
set. Look how much more round my arms
are. If I was to draw a line straight
down now, they'd be behind my heels with
a great turn.
before either here or here. No width, no
turn, no good. So level one, try that
drill. You know what? You can even do
that at home right now. Level one,
second drill,
I just want to tuck Justin Rose does
this, right? Tuck your jumper underneath
your armpits and you'll feel an element
of more connection. Okay? Now, all I'm
looking for you to do is feel that
connection. Not all the way through the
back swing. Just up until hip height,
just there. Then your arms can lift.
That connection would come off slightly.
Okay? It's not all the way on. What I'm
looking for for that first initial move
is to move more with the rib cage and
the chest and then the arms work up to
encourage a key element here, more
depth. Right, let's hit one away at just
level one. And let's see what we can
get. Let's see what ball flight. When
I've used this element with students,
they feel as though the club is slinging
from so much more around them and
through. It makes sense, right? Tuck it
under. Tuck it under. Just feel that
connection up until there. Just that.
This is level one.
Wow. Look at that drawing back. You
know, I felt like I hardly touched that.
That was crazy. I felt so connected
almost like my bicep and my tricep were
on to here and then I allowed my arms to
lift in the second phase. Not arms doing
the start or arms just lifting to start
the swing. Yeah. You know what? I love
this. Now look at this as a starting
point. 103 club head speed, 151 ball
speed. Let's look at our path. We're
swinging into out. We didn't quite
square the face. And look how I hit up
on the golf ball. The big thing is
though, how far do we hit the first one?
Not quite our 280, but you know what? If
we're hitting 269 at level one, I wonder
what level two and level three is.
Anyway, this isn't about me improving.
This is about you. Let's jump to level
two. Level two, we're grooving in the
sling swing. Now, there's two cues I
need you to be aware of. Lead arm
height,
right palm to the sky. Let me explain.
So, bringing in level one, that was our
core. What we need now is to feel as our
hands pass our hip height, our lead arm
moves above our chest. Now, while that
happens, we need our right palm to be
more to the sky. Now, you're probably
thinking, Alex, how on earth do I groove
this? Well, I've got a brilliant
suggestion. One of the hack motion
drills you could use is the inside
takeaway. So you know whether you're
getting that core move correctly, you're
lifting too much or the arms are
starting inside too much. Really dial in
that phase. The second drill that I
would really recommend is this pause at
the top. Now I actually don't feel you
have to hit shot after shot after shot.
You can do you can start to see if
you're getting it right within the
motion. But 100% the first phase is this
is address your golf ball.
Now make your move to the top feeling
core and then up. Now many people will
end up in this sort of cupped position
here either as a result of starting
their arms too much around the body or
just not being aware of this position or
even just lifting these arms straight
up. So, I know I did that wrong. What I
want you to do is feel those elements.
Left arm up,
palm to the sky, and you know if you've
got it right or wrong.
One
boom. That's the noise we want to hear.
Now, look at the structure. Come and
look at this closely. This is the core
and the consistency of the sling swing.
We've got the arms with some depth.
We've got the club face nice and strong
with the right palm the sky and the left
wrist nice and flat. From here, we have
that ability to swing to that right
without any fear at all. So, my two cues
for you at the second level of today's
video is we have to feel as our left arm
goes parallel to the ground, it moves
above our chest. At the same time, we
feel your right palms the sky. And how
we know if we get that right or wrong is
we're using the hack motion to go boom,
yes, or no, you did it too much or we
need to do it more. If you don't have a
hack motion, let me tell you how you can
troubleshoot. But first, should we see
how far we can hit this one? Okay, dress
it.
Whoa, look how bullet straight that is.
It wasn't the 280 high draw, but it was
like frozen rope straight down there.
Look at this. 258 260. We still not got
the 280. So, let's maybe if we access
that on the next one. You know what
though? It was bloody good shot. It was
such a good shot. So to troubleshoot
certain shots if you start hitting push
shots to the right. This is what you've
got wrong. You've not got enough of this
at the top. The left isn't flat enough
and the right palm isn't enough to the
sky. Really tune that feeling. If you're
hitting slices, then we've started to
lift this club too much. We haven't got
the core working correctly. And that
would be then when our club works across
that ball. So there's level two. Let's
move into level three. This is how you
have it stick in your swing for years.
Ask yourself this question.
If I wanted to act something straight up
and straight down, what direction would
my arms move? The answer to that
question would be just up and down. Now,
unfortunately, we have too much up and
down mostly and then we go too round
just with the arms. But our objective is
we're trying to hit something hopefully
in that direction straight towards
target.
Now what I'm suggesting here is this is
how we think about the sequencing. All
the top players over the last 50 years
have impeccable timing. They also have
great core mechanics which we've
learned. They also have great arm
structure and club face which we've
learned and practice consistently with
the hack motion. What we need to do now
is break this down into a way your brain
can go, Alex, this is how we do it on
the golf course. Now, let's wonder if we
can get to that 280 mark just like one
of my students. I hope I can. I hope I
can. So, think about this logically. If
number six, okay, was at the golf ball
and number 12 was just straight above my
head. We want to feel the core element,
okay, level one up until 9:00. From 9 to
10, this element right here, our right
arm would start to fold. So, can you see
how my right arm is starting to fold and
lift and lift and then from 11 to 11:30,
we're going to really feel our right
palm to the sky. So, breaking those
elements down again. Boom. That's our
core from 6 to 9. From 9 to 10, I'll
fold the right arm and lift the left.
this action here from 10 to 11:30 right
palm to the sky really holding that tray
look at the depth and you soon realize
now if you make a great body move on the
way back so this core and depth it makes
our job a damn sight easier on the way
down and I said this to you right at the
start of the video you're all looking at
fixing this problem down here but the
reality is something else is happening
way earlier on. You've got no chance of
fixing that unless you get this back
swing nailed. I say to students time
after time after time, stop, stop, stop,
stop, stop. Don't do that. Fix the core
problems. Fix the depth. That is the
core and the element of the sling swing.
Right, let's hit this one away. Think
about that timing. Just get that club
waggling. I'm not doing it dot to dot.
I'm feeling 6 to 9, 9 to 10, 10:30 to
11.
Oh, that was absolutely
snorted. That is what a high draw is.
That's got to be so close to 280. Data
wise is bob on. Look at this. Here we
go. We swung to the right. That's our
depth. So, our core moving first. We had
our face slightly close to our path, but
still open to target. That's our feeling
of that right palm to the sky and left
wrist flat. That's how we got it to
draw. where sling swing is pulling it
back, getting it right, firing it
through, and we hit up on this golf
ball. The question is, what distance did
we get?
We just got over it. 286.
Now, this is not about me, but you saw
the increase from level one. Similar in
level two, but look, when you bring it
all together with the timing element,
like all the top players, they have
great timing, and this is what you can
now access. Thanks for watching.