Geez, Alex, this is what I've heard from
countless ones of my students, right?
They get to the 17th hole. There's a
tight hole, right? It's trouble right.
It's trouble left. They lose the ball.
They lose the ball either outright or
out left because one, they're tired.
Two, they might have a good score in
their hand. And three, they're getting a
little bit nervous. Now, anytime I hear
this from any of my students, this is
exactly what I share with them. And
honestly, when they tell me I had a
quad, I had a nine, I had a snowman, I
go to them, well, follow this strategy
and you could be four shots better just
on this hole. That's I mean, think how
much better you could be just applying
this strategy. Let's be realistic for a
second. We're not going to stand here
and be great with driver every single
time we head out on the golf course. And
we're not going to be great with driver
if we're taking it out 13, let's say 14
times around. Follow this simple method.
I look at this hole right now and
there's two options and we're gonna play
them both out and see which one makes
par. We could do number one. Let's say
we're gonna take the big stick. If the
trouble is on the right hand side, which
it is here on 17, it's a bloody bugger
of a hole. And I hope you actually
enjoyed the iron tip that we put up the
other week about that sort of preset
with Cameron Young. It's a cracker. So
hopefully you've got them mastered right
here. This is what I would say to you.
Right? If the trouble's on the right,
we've got to tee up on that right hand
side. And and the simple and the honest
answer to that is it means you can just
shoot away from that trouble easier.
Number two, we're going to grip down. So
you can see here that's where I normally
would grip and I'm going to grip down.
Now that's not the only thing. If the
trouble's on the right, you have to do
with grip. We need to make sure that
club face is a little more closed. So,
what I tell all my students to do is as
you're looking at the grip here, like
this, you've got the right hand side and
the left hand side. I just want you to
rotate your hands a little bit more to
the right hand side of the club. And
this simply is going to give you a much
bigger chance of having that club face a
little more closed as you come into the
golf ball. So, think about this
logically. We can aim now up the left.
We've shortened the club, makes it
easier to control, and we've made our
grip a little bit stronger. The final
thing is tempo. I just want you to think
about the pace. So, imagine we started
our swing down here. Halfway back is
around our hip. We should be able to
count to one. Top of the back swing here
should be able to count to two and on
the way down count to three. It's really
giving you a chance to go one two three.
It's not over in a flash and you're not
trying to go all guns blazing cuz
sometimes like I get it right. I I do it
as well, right? When we get nervous, we
just want to give it absolutely plenty
and hit it bloody hard. So, the first
thing I want you to do is follow those
simple steps to give you a chance when
driver's not going well or you're
feeling tired towards the end of a round
to keep that ball in play and away from
trouble. One, two, three. Boom. Left
semi down that left half perfectly in
play. It's raining and this is going to
make it even more difficult. Strategy
number two. Everybody, can I put my head
cover on one handed? Get on there. finds
their 3-wood or fivewood way more
accurate off the tea. I say everybody,
most people do. If it's not your 3-wood
or your fairway wood, maybe your hybrid.
What I want you to do is a strategy
number two. And remember, we'll play
this hole out, see what we make. I want
you to take your fairway wood or your
hybrid out and just put a super nice
tempo swing on it. Still feeling you're
teeing it up on the right hand side. But
as it was with a fairway wood, we tend
to have a little more control.
We are beautifully in play. That's going
a little high, but we're in play. So,
we've got two strategies, and they do
change as we go down this hole. Strategy
number one is to take driver out, grip
down, slightly strengthen that grip, and
put a tempo swing on it whilst teeing on
the right hand side of the tea box. I
will caveat this. If the danger is on
the left hand side, then we're going to
tee up on the left hand side of the tea
box again to shoot away from trouble.
and we wouldn't strengthen that grip.
So, simply just the opposite to what we
did there. Strategy number two is when
we go and take out a more comfortable
club from the tea. And I think that's
such a simple thing to do, but I just
don't see people do it. I don't see
golfers that come to visit me do this.
And that's why I think it's super
important to bring it up in this video.
Okay. So, this is where strategy two, I
think personally, is the one. But if you
look at it over the course of a season,
you make par so many more times or let's
say net par because on a stroke index
three or four hole, most of us who watch
these videos, right, are going to have a
shot. And that's the psyche I want you
to think about. So here is our fairway
wood and all the way up there and a
little bit further on is our driver. Now
there is a decision to make and this is
what the demon in your mind is going to
be playing on at you. you're going to be
like, "Right, I'm going to go for it."
And then play. Strategy number two,
we're going to start with because the
fairywood is our short shot. You'll see
here on this hole, there's a stream
around about 120 yards from where I'm
stood right now. I'm going to lay up
short of that. So, I'm thinking wedge.
No, I'm going to go nine. A little
chippy n. Everyone goes to me, Alex, it
just feels like a bit of a nothing shot.
And I'm like, yeah, okay. I get it. I
get it. It is a little bit of a nothing
shot, but what it is, it's smart. I'm
not going to lose a ball. I'm going to
put it down there. I'm laying up short.
And then I can pop it on. And I promise
you, you follow this, we're talking I
nearly tried to do four, four, four
shots better on a hole. If you make a
snowman on here, you could have more
chance of making a part and holding a
putt. Anytime I'm hitting this little
layup shot, I'm going to grip down, put
the ball a little bit further back and
play that tempo sort of Tommy Fleetwood
style follow through. So if normal nine
iron was there, I'm going to move it
here. Okay? And my hands will look like
they're there ahead of the ball.
Beautiful
little layup.
Oh, stop. Got a bit of a kicker. Got a
bit of a kicker. Right. So, that's
scenario and play number two. Let's head
over here and play number one out. You
know what's funny? At the end of this
video, I'd love it if you just get
involved and go, Alex. Yeah. And what
scenario or what play I'm going to take.
So, we've hit driver. We're a lot
further down here. We've got well
probably similar to what we had in a
video the other day on the 16th like
like the 190. So I'm going to hit four
iron super tough club maybe even a four
hybrid for you. But I want you to think
at the end which play is going to be
best for you because even though I've
avoided the trouble off the tea, this
shot right here is still intimidating. I
can't miss it right going into this
hole. So I'm still going to apply some
of the similar things I spoke on the
tea. I obviously can't pick it up and
move it right. But this is what I would
do. I wouldn't grip down on this. But
one thing I'm going to firstly do is
just strengthen my grip a little bit
because I know I can miss it left here
and be completely fine. So that would be
my normal grip and this is my slightly
stronger grip. And if I'm talking
references of where this points on my
body just sort of into that right
shoulder that's going to give me a much
better chance again like we said from
the tea that face being a little more
closed as we come into that golf ball.
So, what I'm saying to you here, the
smart play is understanding how this
grip in terms of up and down placement
and left and right placement helps you
control the club face and gives you a
much better chance of a centered hit.
And that's what golf is. Golf's about
artistry, avoiding trouble and and
keeping it in play. It's not about dot
to dot mechanics. Okay, here we go.
Tempo. Come on.
That was such a good shot. It's leaking
on that wind though. Come on, just get
up. Oh, it got a minging kick right. I'm
actually okay though. Just over that
right hand bunker. I'm being honest with
you right now. That shot was front with
danger. I did rip it. I'm really happy
with that strike. We've now got a layup
for scenario number two. So, scenario
number one is even though we're playing
slightly defensive off the tea, it's
still more aggressive with that second
shot. I can see it. We cut that. Whoa,
we cut that fine. Holy mother, guys.
Right, I ripped the iron shot and I'm
stopping people slice it off the tea.
So, if you're thinking, "Oh my god, I
really want a PDF from those two
things." So, a slice PDF and a blueprint
for stopping fat and thin irons. I have
them. I can send you right now at the
end of this video, I'll give you a link
where you can download them for free.
Two PDFs that are on the AE Excellence
Hub where golfers right now are shaving
strokes off their game. And you know
what? But it makes me so happy seeing
comments like this where I'm actually
changing golfers lives in the sense of
their golfing life. We're playing
better. They're enjoying it more and
they're hitting lower scores. That
honestly, it really makes me so proud.
It's something I've worked super hard
on. And yeah, I want to give you a
chance to look at it for free and get
some free PDFs. So, click a link. I'll
give it you at the end of this video.
Let's see again. I wonder which one we
make par with. Like, we're definitely
going to make par with one of them. Here
we are. Let's replay those shots right
here. So this is scenario number two
where we hit a fairway wood and then a
99 down to this point here and it's left
us 99 yards to the flag. Oh, that's so
much in the wheelhouse of a 50. It's
just screams a 50. Load one in there.
This is that scenario. Scenario number
two. We've just missed a green and we
will be marrying a little bit of a chip,
but we had four iron in our hand. As I
said a minute ago, it was still front
with danger. I just see this play as
like massive massive percentage play. So
ball back half weight left hands
forward. Okay, keep it there.
That is a honey of a hit. Skip, roll,
check. Didn't quite get up the slope.
Halfway up it. There's me divot. I think
it went in the water. That is stress
free. Why are we not doing it? Well,
actually saying that we don't know which
one made part yet. Can't believe it. I
can't believe I didn't tell you this
story. I had Allan. He came actually
down for a lesson for the first time
I've ever met him. And he said right
sometimes when he goes out with his
mates and you know what would be funny
if any of you actually do this and he
said we actually played a hole where it
was a 480 par4 we hit hybrid hybrid chip
and we made net par right so he got him
thinking should we just do it again did
it on the next time they got to a
mid400s par4 hybrid hybrid chip on two
put five net two and he's like why don't
we just do this all the time and it is
that little chip on our shoulder that
goes come Come on, hit driver. Hit
driver. Now, for one minute, I'm not
saying don't hit driver. I just think
it's funny when people do try this. The
success rates are so, so high. This is
scenario number one. We're here for two.
And this is scenario number two. And
we're there for three. So, this is
scenario one. This is scenario two.
We're lying here for two shots. And
we're lying over there for three shots.
I've got a little pitching mudge here. I
think just landing it on the top and
letting it roll down. Little bump and
run is just the ideal play.
Well, there's a par. Oh, okay. Maybe I
spoke too early. It definitely rolled on
a little bit. You know what's mad? I saw
them rolling the greens this morning,
which is super cool for this time of
year. And that definitely Yeah, come on.
It's just rolled out a little bit. Now,
I mentioned to you the other day on the
vlog that um I've been switching between
that sort of Japanese 10 finger grip and
the claw. I'm still on the claw. Has
anybody actually started using the claw
after Scotty and Tommy? I mean, you've
had two winners in the last few, well,
not this year. Obviously, Tommy winning
the first time on the PJ tour in his
career, which is so nice to see, by the
way. Um, using the claw grip and
obviously Scotty had his putting Wos end
of last season and now looking strong
with it. Now, remember, we have a shot
here if we're playing out scenario two.
Okay, I think from here, realistically,
a two put is is good. I think it's
slightly off the right.
Go on then. Oh, are you joking me? I was
so in the middle. Okay, that's a 52.
This potentially for a 4-3 if you're
playing as a shot here with a slightly
more aggressive play, but using that
driver grip off the tea. I love that. I
really hope you're going to experiment
with that because if that troubles on
the right, it just keeps you away from
it. At the end of the day, that's what's
golf's about. I go back to what I said
at the start of the video. This could
turn a eight from what we had before.
Playing driver, losing it right, playing
it normally, not thinking about where
the trouble is. That's four shots
better. Dropping four shots on one hole
just by some smart decision-making. Why
does this look further and further away
every time I look at it?
Little knee knocker. Guys, if you did
enjoy this video, please don't forget to
subscribe. I really enjoy bringing you
these videos and making such a
difference to your game. So, hitting
that subscribe button really does help
me.