Hello and welcome back to Clownfish TV.
It is me, Geeky Sparkles, and it's just
me for this video. I promise we're going
to do videos together sometime soon.
It's just that it's very hectic here
right now. So, today we're going to talk
about Kira Nightly. Kira Knly has been
cast in the audiobook version of Harry
Potter. They're guessing a bunch of
actors are doing a new audiobook version
of it. She's playing Dolores Umbridge,
which I thought was kind of funny. Um,
but now she's, you know, coming under
fire because somehow, like a lot of
normies out there, she didn't know that
she was supposed to not work on this
because of JK Rowling. And so, they're
all trying to educate her. And then, of
course, you know, we can't have anything
that's stupid and moronic without
having, you know, Rachel Lishman have to
jump in there from the Mary Sue. So,
we're going to talk about this. Before
we get into any further, please like and
subscribe. If you do, I'll give you a
woohoo. Woohoo. And we're going to talk
about this. So, Kira Nightly apparently
was during an interview. Didn't even
realize it was a thing. They said that
um when she was promoting her new
Netflix film, The Woman in Cabin 10, she
was questioned about playing a role in
the new audio book production of the
Harry Potter novels. Okay. So, there's
like 200 actors playing roles. She's
playing on Bridge. Um, decider asked if
she was aware that some fans are calling
for a boycott given Rawlings trans views
because of course the media is because
that's all they focus on. Uh, again, I
want to point out they tried this with,
you know, um, Hogwarts Legacy and we
know how that went. A bunch of them also
got busted playing it anyway and trying
to use codes to to disguise they were
playing it because they still played it
even though they were bitching about it.
you had a bunch of media outlets, quote
unquote, in gaming news that weren't
even actually playing the game and
giving it negative reviews because it's
okay when they do it. Just just saying.
Um, she gave a very fair response, which
was, I was not aware of that. No, she
said, I'm very sorry. You know, I think
we're all living in a period of time
right now where we're all going to have
to figure out how to live together,
aren't we? And we've all got very
different opinions, and I hope we can
find respect.
very fair balanced answer. I agree. I
think that, you know, not everybody's
gonna agree and that's fine. But there's
this whole idea that you have to find a
balance and you have to, you know,
understand people different opinions
than you and not just because you don't
agree with one thing doesn't mean you're
a terrible person. Like it was for
decades. She's older like, you know,
she's like, she's younger than me, but
she's still like an older person and
she's, you know, been around a while and
it's used to be that way. you agree to
disagree. Like, hey, you know, you
didn't I don't know who you voted for,
but you voted if you if I do and you
voted different than me, then oh well,
you know, agree to disagree. And she's
not even American, so whatever. And you
just find common ground and then just
move on. But no, no, you all need to be
cancelled if you don't do everything
that the the mob wants you to do. So,
um, the filmmaker from The Woman in
Kevin 10, Simon Stone, also said, "I
think that's right. I think that we have
learned over time, unfortunately, that
the unbearable voice in the room is
something I think everyone needs to
recognize that they're the unbearable
voice for someone else." The the live
and let live thing of like, "Oh god,
your voice is really loud. I can't stand
you." That's part of our lives. We all
have hatred, deep hatred for someone in
the universe, someone in the in the
class. Let's reduce it to classroom
politics. There's always a kid that we
cannot stand. I think we'd all agree
that we're that kid for someone else,
too. And unfortunately, all sides of the
political spectrum are currently trying
to shut that kid's voice down, but they
don't realize the irony of the fact that
they're also that kid for someone else.
If we can have a memorandum on that and
just let chaos live for a little bit, we
might find our way out. Which is funny
to me because he's basically like, you
know how like you hate that kid in class
because he's annoying AF? Well, to other
people, you're annoying AF. So, it's
kind of funny to me because these type
the political divide like the extremes
because most normies don't even know
anything about this going on. They don't
even care about this going on. We only
know about it because we cover pop
culture and that kind of stuff. But
unless you're on an extreme and you're
constantly, you know, looking for things
to be politicized about and complain
about, most people don't know where they
really just don't give a I like
Harry Potter. They're they're saying to
themselves, I I want to listen to the
audio books. I don't care if JK Rowling
said crappy things, you know, I'll just
separate that, you know, the work from
the the, you know, artist and move on.
And I love this. It's like you're all
just screaming at each other and you're
going to have to like learn to deal with
it and understand that as much as you
think you're right, somebody thinks
you're wrong and you're just going to
have to like get over it. And that's
just what it is. I mean, I thought she
was very diplomatic in her thing. you
know, I'm sorry to hear that people are
upset about it, but we need to learn to
live together. And that's kind of what
um people were saying recently. I guess
kind of what Emma Watson was saying now
after the fact is she kept throwing
rallying under the bus for attention for
herself and now she's like, "Oh,
kumbaya." But this is Karen Nightly who
had nothing to do with the situation
saying it like, "Can we just like find a
rational middle?" Basically, which is
what we've been saying. But you can't
have that. No, no, no. Because here
comes Rachel Lysmouth, the Mary Sue,
because she ha she can't stand it. She
has to stick her nose into everything
24/7. So, um, I love this. Kieran
Nightly misses the point about JK
Raleigh and the problems she's caused
for Harry Potter. She is Harry Potter.
I'm I'm sorry, uh, Rachel. Um, it is
what it is.
Actors love to justify working anything
Harry Potter related right now. While
some are calling on out their the
paychecks, others are pretending like
they didn't know. Riley was using her
wealth to hurt the trans community.
She just basically said, "Hey,
you mean a woman? You know, there wish
there was word for person and men
straight. You mean a woman?" Now, I
think she is taking it to extremes and
making it her identity and she's overt
tweeting. But I don't disagree with
everything she's saying. I don't agree
with everything she says either. But,
you know, she has the right to say it.
But this whole idiocy is saying that
people, you know, they know, they
pretend not to know. No, a lot of
normies don't know. A lot of people in
the middle, no idea about it because
they're not so politically pickled like
you that it's constantly a point of
contention. And I love it. They're
talking about paychecks and taking money
for it. I don't see you writing for
free, Rachel, unless you are because
look, let's look at the Mary Sue right
now as you know. Here's the Mary Sue.
MAGA is sinking. Time to stop the
nonsense. Gavin Newsome and there's like
there's like for every political or like
for every um pop culture or something
that they used to be the nexus of pop
culture, it's every other thing is oh
here's JD Vance, here's Donald Trump.
It's like constant and oh here's the
thing about Texas Roadhouse because she
wanted rolls and dried devild eggs. A
woman asking for a bag for a bowl. Uh a
California couple and what they caught
on the ring camera. This is what they're
running with. a Lowe's customer finding
out how much installation costs. This is
the Mary Sue. The Mary Sue, which they
claim is the, you know, the nexus of pop
culture and all this other stuff. No, it
isn't. It's just what everything's going
to get hits right now. They literally
have big on the internet as a category
now. Okay? Because they're desperate for
attention. But back to to Rachel
Lishman's, you know, little rant here.
So they said one such part is Kieran
Knly who was cast as Umbbridge in
Audible's Harry Potter the book fullcast
audio edition. She faced push back by
fans for joining the series mainly
because many have boycotting Potter due
to Rowling's views. Well, I don't see
you boycotting Potter when you're trying
to use it to get views for your blog. I
mean shouldn't you not mention it at
all? If you if you don't want to make
money on it and you don't think people
should be profiting or should be, you
know, getting she should be getting
notoriety for anything of this stuff.
Why do you keep making videos about it
or articles about it? Why do you keep
making articles over and over and over
and over again? You're you're you're
profiting if people read these articles,
right? You get paid if people read these
articles, right? So Potter Kettle there,
Rachel.
Potter Kettle. Um in recent years, she's
taken her wealth and used it to help
fund pushes within the government, take
away rights of trans people. No, she
went for she went to try to protect
women's spaces. Whether you like it or
not, I'm sorry. Personally, I I think,
you know, there should be just like a
bathroom that's like a general bathroom
that somebody can use and feel safe
whether you're a male, a female, you
you're a trans or whatever, and then you
feel safe. If you if you don't want to
go in their bathroom, you could go into
that one. I don't see the I mean, that's
what I think. But she's basically using
this stuff, you know, to try to be like,
hey, you shouldn't have, you know,
biological men in women's bathrooms cuz
it's dangerous. And what happens is a
lot of times a lot of the trans people
you have to worry about. It's people who
are using the I'm trans to go in the
bathroom even though they don't belong
there. And unfortunately that happens
quite often and people get attacked and
things. We also have pictures and not
pictures but like stories of men were in
women's changing rooms at the at the
pool and were standing there butt naked
but they were have all their male parts
and I'm a woman in the female changing
room so all the women can see their
dick. Okay. So, there are some cases
that, you know, I can see you want to
keep your kids safe. You want to keep
your your friends and and your female uh
family members and things safe. Okay.
F off if you don't like it, Rachel. I
don't know what to tell you. Then
there's that one that was over Disney
bathrooms take videotaping themselves in
the bathrooms with kids and stuff in the
background. I mean, there has to be
limits, okay? There's got to be a way to
to help everyone involved and not put
people at risk from people who are going
to mis, you know, misuse it. Anyway,
back to the point of this. They're going
on about, oh, she was just rallying to
help stop, you know, rallying for her
vendetta against trans community. May
decided against supporting the
franchise, which is their right. If you
don't want to support the franchise, you
don't have to. You have the right to do
that. Okay. Harry Potter does get her
money. So, then Rowling doesn't get the
money. Apparently, Nightly had no idea
the boycott was a thing. She probably
didn't cuz most people don't, Rachel.
And then they talk about what she said.
And then there's like someone f funding
the anti-trans movement is not simply a
a differing opinion. What Rally is doing
is causing incredibly harm to trans
people who want to justify their role in
the show by saying it's to help everyone
live in a world where we can find
respect. Yes. Yes. That's that's true.
Because right now where we're at is a
place where only certain voices are
allowed to be respected. Only certain
voices, you know, even if they're the
vast vast vast minority are supposed to
dictate the rules for everyone. I'm
sorry. It's dumb. And I think she
handled it in a very professional way,
especially if it's the first time she's
heard of it. She was put on the spot. I
think she gave a very diplomatic answer.
That was a very fair answer that you
know basically not saying that she
agreed personally but she needs that we
all need to find a way to try to you
know work together to find ways we all
can coexist and get along because
there's too much divi division.
Perfect answer. It was a very fair
answer especially like I said she was
just like kind of thrown at her and she
honestly didn't know. It was a very
wellthoughtout answer given that you
know you were put on the spot. But here
comes, you know, Rachel here yelling and
screaming about it as she monetizes it.
But, you know, it's not these actors
making money on this. It's terrible. But
it's okay when you do it, huh, Rachel?
Hey, guess what, Rachel? I'm monetizing
this, too. And I'm monetizing your
idiocy. Kiss my ass. It is what it is.
At least I own it, you know. But I do
agree that people need to like try to
find middle ground. But there can't be a
middle ground as the other person says
when you're always all the time say, you
know, screaming at each other constantly
and you know, you're the annoying kid
that everybody hates. But yeah, guess
what? So are you. I guarantee you,
Rachel, a lot of people don't like you.
And some of them probably aren't even
straight white and male. Just saying. So
anyway, there you have it. More drama
around Harry Potter that frankly most
people don't even give two shits about.
Kira Knly, like most normies, didn't
know anything about it. And of course,
the media has to educate them. gave a po
perfectly fair response and then Rachel
Lishman has to come in there like nuhuh
you can't how dare you how dare you as
they get paid to write about it. So
Potter kettle again Rachel sit and spin
I don't know what to tell you. So anyway
there you have it please like and
subscribe and we'll talk to you later.
Bye.
[Music]
For more pop culture news, views, and
rants, go to news.clownfishtv.com.
That's news.clownfishtv.com.