Creatine is one of the most powerful
supplements in the world. Over a
thousand studies showing benefits in
terms of muscle recovery, muscle
strength, maximum torque generation,
muscle size. At higher doses, like I've
done in a previous video, which I'll put
a link to, it probably gets into the
brain and may help with sleep
deprivation. Has benefits in terms of
bone density, all kinds of benefits to
creatine. But in this video, I'm going
to show you a way that you may be taking
your creatine wrong. So, let's get into
it. Caffeine, like coffee or energy
drinks, is also another widely used
aerogenic substance. And there's some
compelling data to suggest that if you
combine your caffeine and your creatine,
you might just be neutralizing all those
good effects of your creatine. And I
know you guys might not be putting
creatine in your coffee. That sounds
kind of gross, but are you drinking
coffee in the morning and also taking
your creatine in the morning? Or are you
drinking energy drinks in the morning?
or are you drinking energy drinks near
your creatine before you go to the gym
to get your workout? All those
situations will combine creatine and
caffeine. And there are a couple of
interesting studies I want to tell you
about in this video that suggest that's
a very bad idea. The first study is from
1996. And I know you guys are going to
say, "Oh, it's so old." Yeah, but the
next study I'm going to tell you about
is from 2022. So, first study, 1996. It
looked at nine people, which might not
sound like a lot of participants, but
the results were striking and
statistically significant. They looked
at knee extension torque and they found
that when they gave people creatine, lo
and behold, knee extension torque
increased. The people got stronger. They
were able to generate more torque at
their knee when they extended at the
knee joint. That's cool. But when they
gave them the creatine plus the
caffeine, something surprising happened.
I think these researchers hypothesized
caffeine makes you feel more energetic.
And creatine, we know helps with muscle
creatine stores. It decreases muscle
relaxation time. you can generate force
again more quickly. So, it's good for
sprinting and explosive movements. Maybe
the combination of these two will be
great. Except the opposite was true.
When they combined the creatine with the
caffeine, knee extension torque was
essentially not improved. It was the
same as it was on a placebo. So, all the
benefits of the creatine for knee
extension torque were completely erased
when they gave people caffeine with the
creatine. The mechanism here is
confusing. We don't fully understand it,
but it might have to do with muscle
relaxation time. Creatine increases
phosphocreatine in the muscles, which is
a phosphate donor. It's ATP. It
decreases muscle relaxation time so you
can generate force again more quickly.
Caffeine kind of does the opposite.
Caffeine increases calcium release from
the sarcoplasmic reticulum in your
muscles. It actually slows the amount of
time that it takes for you to generate
another maximal contraction or muscle
contraction at the same amount of power.
So those two mechanisms are kind of
opposed and it might be part of the
reason that these two things might
contradict each other. So what about
this 2022 study? This 2022 study was a
little bigger. It had 26 participants.
And they had a placebo group, a creatine
group, and a creatine plus caffeine
group. They looked at knee extension,
but they looked at muscle size, so
muscle thickness. And what they found
was when they gave people creatine,
there was a statistically significant
increase in muscle size of the knee
extensors, the muscles you use to extend
your knee. But in the creatine plus
caffeine group, there was no change. So
again, this is a second study to suggest
that combining creatine with caffeine
might actually neutralize, erase,
abolish the benefits of creatine. So
that's not good. Did you guys know that
every week I do a free newsletter? Last
week I talked about Serena Williams and
GLP-1s. Maybe not the best thing. In the
past, I talked about things like
benefits of creatine at high doses, 20
plus grams a day. And recently I also
talked about Botox and whether it
affects orgasms in women or emotional
connection between humans. But every
week I put out a newsletter on Sundays.
I'm going to put a link here in the
description for my free newsletter.
Check it out. Back to creatine and
caffeine store. The solution here is
pretty simple. If you space these two
out four to six hours, you don't see a
problem. If you must drink coffee in the
morning, and by the way, Lineage makes
an organic, pesticide-free, shade grown,
fair trade coffee. That's amazing. I
don't drink coffee, but I know all of
you guys drink coffee. So, I wanted to
make the best coffee that I could. Mold-
free, glyphosate free, etc. You get the
idea. It's good stuff. If you must drink
coffee in the morning, then just take
your creatine later in the day right
before you work out. When you take
creatine, levels in your blood and your
body are elevated for the next two to
three hours. So, it's totally fine to
take creatine right before your workout.
In fact, there have been many studies on
this topic of when creatine timing is
optimal. And it doesn't seem like it
really matters. You can load it. If you
don't drink caffeine at all, you can
load it over the course of weeks and
take creatine every day and you'll still
get benefits. You can take it right
before your workout and you will still
get benefits. It doesn't really matter
when you take the creatine. What matters
is that you don't take the creatine and
the caffeine together. It's a big thing
not to ignore. So, you want to drink
coffee in the morning, drink your
lineage, a mold-free coffee in the
morning, and then take your creatine
before your workout. You want to use
energy drink before you work out. Okay,
questionable choice. I'm not a fan of
what's in these things, but you do you.
Don't do your creatine right before your
workout. Do your creatine in the morning
and then take your energy drink before
you work out. You get the idea. Just
space these two things out. Another word
about creatine real quickly. There's
pretty darn good evidence that creatine
gets into your body more easily when you
have an insulin spike with the creatine,
which means that you want to do
carbohydrates or protein or the two of
them together with your creatine to
improve creatine uptake. This is
probably most important during the
loading phase when you're actually
trying to really fill your muscles with
creatine stores. But if you really want
to optimize the amount of creatine
getting into your muscles, take some
honey, bananas, some other
carbohydrates, some squash, and some
protein. Put it in your shake. put it in
your protein shake, whatever you want to
do. Take your creatine with
carbohydrates and protein. So, maybe you
make a shake in the morning. I do a
smoothie in the morning before I surf
and I'll put my creatine in there and
I'll do raw milk and honey and some
organs and stuff and I'll put it in the
smoothie and that's getting me protein
from the milk, carbohydrates from the
honey and the creatine is going in
there. So, however you can, when you
take your creatine, think about doing
creatine with carbohydrates and protein
together and space it out from the
caffeine. The research suggests that's
probably the way to do it. So, do not
make this mistake with your creatine. I
think creatine is valuable for humans. I
think this is yet another argument that
humans should be eating meat because
where does creatine naturally occur? It
occurs in meat. But most of us don't eat
a kilogram of meat per day, which is
probably the optimal amount of creatine
that we need to be getting to fully top
up all of our stores. So, if you don't
eat a kilogram of meat per day,
supplementing with creatine is not a bad
idea. Just don't do it with your coffee.
And if you're drinking coffee, make sure
that you don't have a coffee with mold
or pesticides. We've got that solved for
you guys already. So hopefully this is
helpful guys.