So this weekend uh we saw a lot of chop,
a lot of panic selling, a lot of
volatility and a bit of a rebound. Um
but you know, most importantly, zooming
out, we saw the actions taken by the
smart money, the so-called crypto whales
in the space. Let's take a look at what
they did and at exactly the altcoins
that they scooped up during all the
chaos.
[Music]
Welcome to the channel. My name is
Maddie and this is Altcoin Buzz. All the
best of luck if you choose to invest. I
do wish you well. Just remember, I'm not
a financial or investment adviser, nor
is this video official financial or
investment advice. We have to kick off
here with Ripple and its XRP token. And
as was the case with most altcoins out
there, there was some serious drama. If
we look at the price of XRP just a few
days ago on Friday, the price went from
about $2.83
to $1.77.
Uh but like I said, there was that bit
of a rebound within half a day or so. It
was back up to $249.
It's down over the last week, but uh it
has recovered. It's uh now at $259 as I
record. Sentiment data is showing us
here that XRP whales bought no fewer
than 1.04
billion XRP and it actually happened
right after the crash. So, that's a
large amount, the equivalent of $2.54
billion uh just and representing a
quintessential uh buy the dip signal
really. And as is going to be the theme
here, this is what the whales do. They
represent the smart money, the smart
hands. They were actively accumulating
while others retail for the most part
were panic selling. These whales also
bought tokens from liquidated positions
and that's kind of the reasoning as to
why for the most part the exchange
supply remained flat. For the most part,
this happens with OTC or
over-the-counter deals. Uh, these are
OTC deals that don't show up on the spot
charts, meaning there's no exchange
outflow that can be tracked because
basically these are wallets that are
already holding over 1 billion XRP. So,
big numbers, uh, serious players here
when it comes to this kind of territory.
XRP is down, uh, over the last month,
over these last 30 days, uh, to the tune
of over 17%. Like I said, we're at $259,
but if we consider where the price was
before the crash, we're about 13% down
uh from that. So, like I said, uh a
moderate recovery, not all the way
there, but it looks like for XRP and a
lot of other altcoins, the kind of worst
of this carnage, uh is over. Certainly,
we got an assist there by the whales
that are helping to bring the price back
up. Ethereum is another one of the
altcoins that has crashed pretty hard.
It went from about $4,350
down to the 37 or so00 range in only 12
hours. That is a 13.7% crash. If we look
at the last week here, it's still down
over 10% over these last 7 days. But
that being said, it is back above $4,000
now, and we do have some cool heads that
managed to stay on top of things again,
as is the theme of this video. For
example, here, uh, we see two new
wallets that took ETH off exchanges.
Look on Chain credits these to Tommy
Lee's Bitine. Um, so we're told and
combined they withdrew 33,323
ETH around $126 million. Now, the
wallets withdrew from their accounts on
Falcon X and Kraken, which is a sign of
long-term conviction. So, instead of
panic selling, the holders move their
ETH to non-custodial wallets.
Furthermore, there was also an ETH OTC
Dale in the midst of all this chaos. Uh,
we have a different whale that bought
$14,165
ETH or about $55 million. Another whale
bought $92 million worth of ETH on the
12th of October. That was the equivalent
of about $24,500
ETH. Erica Hazel here on X points out
that Wales accumulated $480 million
worth of ETH. Meanwhile, everybody else
that wasn't smart money was either
trying to sell uh probably best case
scenario or they got liquidated.
However, there were also whales who sold
off. Some of them did. Uh, one whale
sold $45.9 million worth of ETH, but you
know, on the whole, there's still a
positive uh net balance. Uh, it also
didn't take long for ETH to reclaim,
like I said, $4,000. Uh, the current
price of ETH sits above $4,100 and for
now uh has been somewhat secured.
Chainlink and link L I N K is next in
line in terms of altcoins favored by
whales over these last few days of
carnage uh and chaos. Reporting from
Nansen shows that whale wallets
increased their link holdings by about
22%. So these are wallets that hold over
100,000 link tokens. Those are the only
ones that we're considering here as far
as that metric that we're tracked. If we
translate that into the numbers, it
means that Wales uh roughly added 760
million link over the course of the
weekend worth about 13 or 14 million. So
large holders accumulated link and they
kind of did so quietly. Altogether,
Wales hold about 4.16 million link. Uh
and among these, the top 100 increased
their holdings by a little over 0.1%.
Not huge, uh but noticeable. And
collectively they now hold 646.5
million LK and they added about 0.9
million link which equates to about $16
million. Ali Martinez over on X here
claims that Wales sold 3.23 million link
last week. On October 11th we have 18.75
million link that were unlocked. And
this was pretty terrible timing uh in
all honesty because of course it added
to the sell pressure. This is one of the
unlocks that probably could not have
happened at a more unfavorable time. So
yeah, Link was hit kind of hard there.
LK, as I record, is at $1961
over the last week. It's down by over
13% and just very momentarily it
actually crashed even harder. We do see
one wick all the way down to $7.90,
which is about a 65% drop. Uh it has
recovered since uh that territory. That
was a little bit scary, but uh nasty one
there for uh just a quick moment. Last
but not least here, let's talk about
unis swap and uni uni, which also saw
whales in action. They added about
$660,000 uni to their wallets and their
positions. And going by the numbers,
that was worth about $4 million. One
whale here purportedly bought $11,500
worth of UNI. Not the biggest in terms
of numbers, but uh these are whales that
certainly know what they're doing. UniS
swap is down in the last month uh pretty
violently actually compared to the other
entries on this list. And recently it
dropped in terms of price from $821 to
about $560.
That represents a 31% drop. We're down
over 33% in these last 30 days. And
again, kind of like chain link, uni had
a pretty scary moment with a wick all
the way down to $2. So that's about a
75% drop. Again, we have since
recovered, but a nasty quick uh moment
there in terms of uh price snapshot. But
despite the rough month, unis swap has
had a pretty good 24 hours, and that
recovery is, you know, starting to
manifest. Uh we're up over 12% in the
last 24 hours now at $6.79,
which uh is nice. It's nice to be up
double digits on the day after a tough
two, three day stretch, especially when
it's over the course of a weekend. Not
everybody's following as closely as they
otherwise would be during the week. And
at least according to Merit Trade, this
break through the $6.70 mark means that
UNI is probably going to go to $8 and
sooner or later $960.
What does stand out though is that unis
swap did close to $9 billion in trading
volume on the 11th of October, which is
well above the norm. uh unis swap didn't
show any signs of stress or have
downtime which is impressive and uh you
know kind of a silver lining here.
That's how defy platforms ought to work.
And as always, although it's not an
altcoin, of course, uh Bitcoin and BTC
deserves an honorable mention here.
Black Rockck uh probably as smart as
money gets. They bought 45,000 BTC worth
just a quick uh $5 billion uh purchase
there at an average price of 105,000. Of
course they did this during the flash
crash.