Let's go to China. Yeah. I mean, huge
story. Really huge story come out of
China. There's been all of these swings
in the trade war. So, for example, you
guys covered with Emily Trump announces
a 100% tariff on China in retaliation
for rare earth minerals being cut off.
The Chinese are holding incredibly firm
and the administration is now taking a
very different tone, saying, "Actually,
we are in a sustained trade war now with
China." Let's take a listen to Trump
yesterday in the Oval Office. You're
meeting with President Xi in a few
weeks. Yeah.
>> If you can't come to an agreement or a
deal at that meeting, are we in for a
sustained trade war with China?
>> Well, you're in one now. Look, we have
100% tariff. If we didn't have tariffs,
we would be exposed as being a nothing.
We would have no defense.
>> We're in one now. So, he's declaring the
trade war. This actually needs to pair
with these comments from Secretary Scott
Bessant who is ripping the Chinese
negotiators taking a very very hard line
despite some of the things going on
behind the scenes. We'll tell you about
in a bit. But let's take a listen to
that first.
>> What happened from your point of view?
Because I thought talks were going well,
lines of communication were open and
then we learned about this rare earth
mineral restriction from China and now
it's back and forth and things are
heating up again. uh they they are and
the Chinese are trying to backfill the
narrative, you know, saying, "Well, the
the US did A, B, and C, therefore we had
to do D." And that that's not true. Is
there there was a
lower level trade person who was
slightly unhinged here in August. Uh I
think his name is Lee Lee Kuang. and uh
you know threatening saying that the chi
China would unleash chaos on the global
system if the US went ahead with uh our
docking fees for Chinese ships and uh
this is clearly something that they were
planning all along. I I think that
things can deescalate
that we we don't want to have to
escalate. uh we have things that are uh
more powerful than the the rare earth
export controls that the Chinese want to
put on. And sir, to be clear, this is
China versus the world. It's not a US
China problem. Uh good news is that this
is IMF week. A lot of my counterpart or
all my counterparts are here. We're
going to be speaking with our European
allies, with Australia,
with Canada, with India and the Asian
democracies. And we're going to have a
wholesome group uh response to this
because bureaucrats in China cannot
manage the supply chain or the
manufacturing process for the rest of
the world.
>> So he frames it as China against the
world. However, big news actually just
out this morning from New Delhi. The
finance minister of India is actually
skipping this year's annual meeting of
the World Bank and of the IMF over
unresolved differences on trade and the
Indian purchases of Russian oil. By the
way, Trump did say yesterday Modi told
him he would stop buying Russian oil.
Has yet to be confirmed by New Delhi. So
I'll let you know decide whether that
one's true or not. All right. And I did
check the overnights coming out from
there. But the point remains China's
holding firm. They're like, "No, do it
then. Do it." And the reason why it's
kind of amazing. I've been reading uh
into their strategy. Let's put this up
here on the screen from the Wall Street
Journal who uh obviously got this from
the CCP itself. It's from their Beijing
uh bureau. They say China betting it can
win a trade war is playing hard ball
with Trump. I just want to read this to
all of you just to show the incredibly
weak position that we are in. Xi Jinping
is betting the US economy cannot absorb
a prolonged trade conflict with the
world's second largest economy. China is
holding a firm line because it
conviction that an escalating trade war
will tank markets as it did in April
after Trump announced Liberation Day,
prompting Beijing to hit back. China
expects the prospect of another market
meltdown will ultimately force Trump to
negotiate at an expected summit with Xi
later this month. Beijing continues to
play hard ball this month, escalating
the trade fight by Monday, sanctioning
US units of South Korean uh shipping.
The more the move whipssawed US markets
on Tuesday, triggering a sharp early
sell-off in as hopes for easing tensions
had faded before markets uh partially
rebounded and steadied in the afternoon
as it looked again as if negotiations
were going to happen. Beijing is
imposing restrictions on the export of
rare earth minerals, which is vital to
the consumer electronics and tech
industry. Now, if you want to know how
America is going to hit back at China
for rare earth minerals, literally one
of the most critical things that we
have, let's go ahead and put C5 on the
screen just to see what the cards that
we're holding. This is from Trump. I
believe China purposefully not buying
our soybeans and causing difficulty for
our soybean farmers is an economically
hostile act. We are considering
terminating business with China having
to do with cooking oil and other
elements of trade as retribution.
>> I'm sure substitutes for that.
>> As an example, we can easily produce
cooking oil ourselves. We don't need to
purchase it from China.
>> Okay. So,
>> devastating blow.
>> China's got us on rare earth minerals,
which we need to power consumer
electronics, iPhones, everything. Uh
rare earth minerals, EV, whatever, you
know, so many different things. We're
like, "Yeah, yeah, but we won't buy your
cooking oil."
Not great. It's not great. Okay. So,
yeah, it's it's not good. Okay. I'll
just put it that way.
>> Just like so much smarter than we
>> I mean, they planned we when Emily and I
covered this, we're talking about
Arnos's thread where he's talking about
like one of the vulnerabilities China
actually had was on helium, which is
like something you wouldn't necessarily
think of, but they're very dependent on
us for helium. And so over years they
were like we're going to make sure we're
not dependent on them for helium so that
if push comes to shove we can take some
actions like you know we're not going to
send you rare earth minerals anymore and
they will have limited ways that they
can retaliate. So they did all that
planning in advance. Meanwhile Besson's
comments about like oh it's the world
versus China. You all picked a fight
with the entire freaking world. I mean
this is something you and I have been
saying since liberation day. If you
actually want to isolate China, then you
have to isolate China. You have to have
friendly relations with the Russ. You
have to give them reasons that we want
to be on your side and not looking for a
reason to actually side with China. And
so you see the fallout with India. We've
been, you know, extraordinarily like
provocative and irritating towards them
and really screwed up that relationship.
So um yeah, we're uh not in a great not
in a great position here. And I think
the smart money is on, you know, Trump
taco. Uh because the Chinese are
absolutely right. Our entire economy is
just a bet on AI and China can screw
that up. Like they can pop the bubble.
So um you know, I think they're
intelligent enough to realize that Trump
lives and dies by what the stock market
is doing. So you know, when they're able
to genuinely threaten the performance of
the market in a way that really stings,
yeah, he's going to back down. I think
that's a good bet. The S&P is near an
all-time high. If you see even a 10%
correction, it's going to be big
problems for Trump because that is
floating the whole economy. And if you
start to see stops in our credit
markets, which is fueling all of this AI
stuff, good luck because then when we,
you know, what do we talk about here all
the time? We talk about AI, it's
literally covering up an actual
recession. Without them, we're dead. We
have a recession in almost every other
industry. We have problems with
employment. We have problems with
consumer demand. We have the bifurcated
economy of the rich and the poor. If you
see the uh contraction of again even 10%
that's going to cause fear in the in the
top 10% of consumers they will cut back
which means that's 50% of all consumer
spending which will take a hit. By the
way it's October. We're going into
November and December which is when the
vast majority of retail sales happen in
a very short period of time during the
Christmas season. That also factors into
travel everything you can go on forever.
And so the point just broadly with the
China tariffs and with the war of where
we are right now is they know exactly
who we are. They know who we are. And
the problem is that we created the
situation in in like multiple different
ways. So for example, we blew our wad
entirely in sanctioning Russia. And we
showed that even with the full force of
United States sanctions against you that
as long as you have enough material,
enough weapons and a war and some
sovereignty and some few allies like
China and India, not only can you
survive, your GDP can grow. China is
what orders of magnitude 20 50 100 times
more powerful than Russia. So for them
they're like yeah it'll hurt for sure.
But as I told everybody in the original
parts of the trade deal, they have a
functioning government. So when they
knew that US consu that Chinese uh
Chinese producers were going to have a
hit to their sales as a result of
tariffs, what did they do? They created
an immediate slush fund. They don't need
Congress or Christristen Cinema or
whatever. They created an immediate
slush fund and they gave it to producers
and said, "Here is a way for you to tide
over." Then they forced the Amazons of
China to say, "You guys are all going to
massively discount made in China
products to make sure that production
doesn't die on the Chinese side." And of
course, they survived. By the way,
meantime, they have thousands of
bureaucrats intimately studying, and
these aren't just our bureaucrats. These
are people who are actually highly
educated to the technocratic engineering
state which studies all of their
critical industries and is looking with
a one a five a 10-year plan and
intimately making sure that they have no
disruption that not all of this isn't
there and it's not as if they haven't
been planning for this for the last 5
years because they knew Trump was going
to come into office. So just compare
that level of seriousness to where we
are. Of course it's not going to work. I
mean yeah if we had a requisite similar
program we could do it. I I have no I
have no doubt that we don't have the
human capital or the money. Of course,
we have the money. We have, you know,
the political capital. There's so much
that we could, but not under this. Not
under this. Like, yeah, not only in
terms of blinking, but it does look like
they're going to get everything that
they want because it's not just going to
be rare earth minerals. Trump has caved
on TikTok. Trump has caved on every I
mean on Nvidia, on the on the on the
chips. Like, the most hawkish members,
China hawks of his former first term are
freaking out about this. They're writing
open letters in the Wall Street Journal
and the Financial Times. They're like,
"This is a disaster. It's basically
capitulation." That's what Trump is
that's what Trump has chosen. Like the
path of independence is gone in my
opinion, especially after the tax bill.
We had a chance there, but that's it.
It's It's over. Yeah. Like I mean, I
didn't I say that on our Maybe I said
our last show, you only open up the tax
code every 5 years. Five years from now,
where's China going to be? You know,
it's done.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And our sequencing is all
wrong. Like they're talking now about
we're going to take more stakes in
companies and designate certain things
as like national security risks. We're
going to put price wars in place. It's
like you do all of that preparation
before you launch the trade war. That's
the way that that works. Um I did look
it up. According to Grock,
>> um US imports of China uh Chinese
cooking oil account for approximately
0.007% of China's GDP. So we're really
hitting them where it hurts. Critical
critical part of their economy that 0.0
07%.
>> Yeah, exactly. That is so crazy. 0.007%.
I I can't even get over it. I can't even
get over it. By the way, do we even want
that stuff? You know, they cook with
vegetable oil. I thought this was Maha,
right? What happened to Maha?
>> Okay. Seed oils galore over there.
Again, this is again according to Grock
and I haven't fact checked it outside of
Grock, but apparently most of their
exports are consist of used cooking oil,
a byproduct collected from food services
processed for export as a bofuel feed
stock. So, it's not it's not like the
stuff you're buying in the grocery
store. It's like going to stock or
whatever.
>> It's just going into the fuel or into
the livestock which we also eat. Right.
Got it.
>> Again, what happened to Maha? What
happened to that? Hey, if you like that
video, hit the like button or leave a
comment below. It really helps get the
show to more people.
>> And if you'd like to get the full show
ad free and in your inbox every morning,
you can sign up at breakingpoints.com.
>> That's right. Get the full show. Help
support the future of independent media
at breakingpoints.com.