you you seem like you're in love with
him, but you love Riyle. And I was like,
"No, no, I also love Riyle, but like I
really love Atlas." He's like, "You love
Riyle." And I was like, "Wait, I'm
sorry. Wait, what's happening,
but you love Riyle?" "I do, but like
she's conflicted." And that was always
an interesting dynamic when you have
somebody who's playing the character
also being the one like looking at the
movie. So, we were always like, "Are we
are we too are we too connected? Are we
too vibing?" But she loves Riyle. He's
the best. I mean, he she loves Atlas.
She also loves Riyle, but she loves
Atlas. and young Atlas and young Lily.
[Music]
Hi besties. It's Katie from Without
Crystal Ball. Welcome back to my
channel. Well, there's finally some good
news. After a string of hits where
everyone thought that Blake Wively was
never going to get held accountable and
that Judge Lyman was in her pocket, I
mean, come on. We still think he's kind
of in her pocket. Let's just be honest.
But Jed Wallace has been dismissed from
this lawsuit in New York under the
grounds that the state of New York and
Judge Lyman in federal district court of
New York lacks the jurisdiction over Jed
Wallace as a resident of the state of
Texas. And in this ruling, which I found
was interesting, is that he made some
notes about some of the actions that
Lively claims were taken against her in
New York. and he teases through these
claims and it will truthfully it kind of
weakens her case against some of the
other people involved in this case. So
I'm and he almost seemed a little bit
puzzled that Beldoni and such and Heath
and Sorrowowitz and Nathan and Abel
didn't actually dismiss the case for
personal jurisdiction and have it done
in California simply because they live
in California. And he said that she has
cited nothing that happened in New York
that directly harmed her reputation in
New York. It's pretty wild. So anyways,
he says that it's granted for lack of
personal jurisdiction without prejudice.
Now, some people I've already shared
this on my Instagram have already
expressed some frustration about the
lack of with between without prejudice
and with prejudice because of what of
how Justin's case was dismissed. But to
be clear, motions to dismiss when they
are around the grounds of personal
jurisdiction are almost always dismissed
without prejudiced simply because they
can then take the case and then file it
in the proper venue. So she can go to
Texas and file this case in Texas
against Jed if she wants to. She has to
make that decision if she wants to split
the case that way. Um but her case he
dismissed it based on litigation
privilege and so he cited it with
prejudice because under his arguments in
his order he said that everything that
happened occurred within the con the
construct of litigation or on the verge
of litigation. So she had the privilege
of litigation in the CRD and she had
privilege within her complaint with the
court. So there's that completely
different options. So the with pre
without prejudice just means she can go
to Texas or she can amend here. But he
doesn't think here's the proper venue
even if she had evidence which he does.
He doubts she has. Um in this motion he
goes through like the whole background
of the case and I'm not going to do that
because all of you guys remember what's
happened in this case. Obviously you
know that she's alleging this alleged
smear campaign. Um, she's trying to tell
the court that Jed's involvement here
was that he was hired to have like this
digital army do work for him in the
state of, you know, to smear her and
that it was part of this retaliation for
her speaking out against sexual
harassment that she claims was brought
up back in May of 23. and she claims
that this all happened then because she
the movie came out and suddenly she got
all this negative feedback on social
media. Now interestingly
uh he notes in this the negative media
and social media coverage spiked on
August 8th and August 14th Lively was
criticized for the way that she was
marketing the film being a bully and
mean girl and allegedly marginalizing
Beldoni from the film. Lively's
businesses experienced a dramatic drop
in sales and were forced to go dark on
social media due to overwhelming
negative comments. And that's not even
true. They're not dark. She still
promotes on those. She suspected the
rapid shift around the time of the
film's release was orchestrated by
Beldonian Heath. And then he says that
it again spiked when she filed the
lawsuit. And she alleges that when she
announced a new movie, they got even
worse in February 4th. And she's
claiming that this is all being
originated by Wayfair's smear campaign
and that they're continuing to pursue
this un untraceable digital social media
manipulation campaign designed to impact
social media algorithms against Lively
to this day. And that part of it is
going to be ridiculously hard for her to
prove because now people are reporting
on public documents like what we're
doing right here. So he takes into not
he takes into account that he provided a
declaration and that Wallace is a
citizen of Texas doilled in Hayes
County. It's incorporated in California
in 2008 but was that incorporated in
Texas since it was joined as a defendant
in this case. He's the only officer,
director, employee of Street Relations
and the corporation's principal place of
business is in Texas and neither Wallace
or his business have any property in New
York. He says that he was hired by
Melissa Nathan in August 24 to read,
analyze, and assess media trends related
to Justin and potential stories or
social media attacks on him. He reviewed
all forms of media, analyzed the
sentiment of the coverage, and made
comments mainly to Nathan. He saw the
people on social media media organically
supported Beldoni and disliked Lively.
Therefore, his advice was not to do
anything at that time and he concluded
work related to Beldon in November of
24. He has an understanding of social
combat and social manipulations could be
but he did not provide that service
related to it ends with us, Wayfair,
Beldon or Lively or Reynolds. He did not
publish directly or indirectly any
information or content about Lively. He
also did not ask, direct anyone else to
post about them, like or comment any
social media posts about it ends with us
or anyone else. And he did not cause to
provide journalists or content creators
or other media entities anywhere,
including the New York Post or New York
Times. He does not have a digital army
in any location and does not have direct
or work with a team in Hawaii. He states
that his role was merely passively to
observe the analysis of the social media
environment. He also cites that he's
been to New York four times since 1991
and all the work concerning Belonian
Wayfair was done in Texas and he
understood himself to be pro providing
services to people in California. He
then goes through the procedural
histories and then he cites that on June
on June 26, the court ordered
supplemental brief briefing on the
Wallace defendants's assertion that
Lively never identifies any specific
co-conspirator committing any specific
act that qualifies under 302A,
an act taken while physically present in
New York that she's seeking to impute to
Wallace through the conspiracy theory
jurisdiction. So he then discusses like
what the legal standard is and all of
this. So then he gets into why he's
going to dismiss the case. He says that
Wallace's motion to dismiss must be
granted because the court lacks personal
jurisdiction over him. Personal
jurisdiction is a claim specific and
defendant specific. It ensures that
there is a connection between each
defendant being sued and the place that
defendant is being sued. So the
defendant is not forced to litigate in
an unexpected and far away forum.
Lively's case against other defendants
will proceed in this court, but the
Wallace defendants are located in Texas
and Lively has not alleged that they are
responsible for any act that would
subject them to jurisdiction in New
York. The alleged negative publicity
campaign against Lively largely took
place outside of New York. The few
alleged actions targeting New York were
taken by others and there are no
allegations suggesting the Wallace
defendants were aware of them.
Therefore, the Wallace defendants cannot
be forced to defend this lawsuit in New
York. If she wishes to pursue her claims
against Wallace, she must do so in
another forum or replead her complaint
to allege jurisdiction over the
defendants in this forum. I do think
it's a little bit odd that he's allowing
her to like replead if she has
jurisdiction over him in New York
because there's no evidence that this
happened. And she claims that she could
provide evidence. But at the very end of
this, he says that he doubts that this
evidence even exists because if it did,
she probably would have provided it to
the court or included it in the
complaint. And he also noted that
discovery is nearly complete. And so she
if she had this evidence in discovery,
it would be reasonable that she would
have brought it up at some point in time
to this court and she has not. He then
goes on to share that, you know, Blake
doesn't think that they should be able
to take his declaration submitted by
Wallace into account, but they can
consider affidavit and other materials
beyond pleas pleadings when assessing a
motion to dismiss. They can't discount
her allegations submitted in hers, but
they're allowed to if he has something
to share to show where he lives, they
can consider it that. So, I had a
feeling that the declaration would be
taken into account. He says, "Therefore,
while the court may consider Jed
Wallace's declaration, it may not credit
it over conflicting allegations in the
pleadings without holding an evidentiary
hearing or order ordering jurisdictional
discovery. There is no need for such
procedures here because as discussed
below, even assuming the truth of the
allegations in her complaint, they do
not establish jurisdiction over Wallace.
And then he goes into the different
state laws about jurisdiction and then
what the state law is for New York. And
then he goes over what the requirements
are and what they are under the the
legal standard are. It has the person
has to transact business within the
state or contracts anywhere to supply
goods or services. They commit a
torturous act within the state except as
to a cause of action for defamation or
character arising from the act. Commits
a torturous act without the state
causing injury to a person or property
within the state except as to the cause
of action for defamation of character
arising from the act. regularly does
solicit business or engages in any other
persistent course of conduct or deres
substantial revenue and expects or
should reasonably expect the act to have
consequences in the state. And he does
say that she does not argue that Wallace
defendants themselves had contacts that
would satisfy this, nor could she. The
Wallace defendants are not subject to
general jurisdiction in New York. He
resides in Texas. his companies
incorporated in California with his
principal place of business in Texas.
There's no factual allegations either
the Wallace defendants transacted any
business in New York or committed
torturous acts within New York so to
establish specific jurisdiction based on
the conduct of the Wallace defendants in
isolation. And then she he goes on to
say that the amended complaint does not
allege that the Wallace defendant's
torturous acts caused injury to her in
New York. Plaintiff has not alleged any
facts regarding the Wallace defendant's
general course of business or revenue.
And then she he brings up that she's
using this like jurisdictional
conspiracy jurisdiction theory, but he
says that again is not relevant to her.
I think it's interesting because when
you do look at the complaint and when
you're reading through it, I remember
first thinking, why was this filed in
New York? I think we know now the reason
why it was filed in New York was because
the evidence that she obtained through
the sham banzam action where she got Jen
Abel's phone was through a New York
subpoena. It wasn't through a California
subpoena which has stricter rules about
notifying people that are being the
targets of a subpoena. So in the state
of California, say you do an an employer
is subpoenaed for your records under the
law, that employer, even though you're
not the direct target of it, has to
notify you because it's your information
they're after. The same thing with
Google. So because Google is doiciled in
California, under the law, they have to
provide notice to any person that might
be a target of a subpoena that they
receive, even if it's done out of New
York. But with her Vanzan action, right,
she got it without notifying Jen through
a sham action that included a shell
company. And so because of that, she
can't go to California and file this
lawsuit in California because she would
then have to domesticate the subpoena
there, which would have then given
notice to Jen Ael, who could have
objected under privacy concerns or had
an opportunity to get the subpoena
quashed. And we've already seen that in
this case, the judge, had she gone
through the proper channels to get
Jenny's phone, it would have been
quashed. She wouldn't have been allowed
because he he quashed her subpoenas for
phone records for the same information.
The judge notes that the arguments made
by the Wallace defendants were very
persuasive, especially con about the
jurisdictional
conspiracy, the conspiracy jurisdiction
theory that she's trying to use to have
him situated in New York under the
jurisdiction of New York. because he
they say the Wallace defendants argue
that this understanding is not
consistent with more recent New York
cases requiring that the outofstate
defendant have some extent of control
over the instate actor in order for
contacts to be imputed. This argument
has some force. The concept of
conspiracy jurisdiction derives from the
New York Court of Appeals holding in
Crater versus McFandon Oil Company that
the words through an agent does not
require a formal agency relationship but
may be satisfied by the fact that the
agent engaged in purposeful activities
in the state for the benefit of and with
the knowledge and consent of the
non-domicarily defendants that they
exercise some control in that matter.
when conspiracy is not invoked, case law
generally holds that some control is
necessary to satisfy the agency
language. And as far as he's concerned,
he says that the New York court of
appeals has not addressed the issue. The
second circuit has predicted that if it
did so, it would follow Lahi in holding
that the control prong may be satisfied
by an allegation that the outofstate
defendant was aware of the tors being
committed by co-conspirators in New
York. And he argues that in order for
her to be successful,
Jed Wallace would have had to have been
aware of actions that were taken and
that the actions were in the benefit of
Wallace. and he says that she fails on
that threshold because she has not
alleged any co-conspirator performed
overt acts in furtherance of the
conspiracy while the co-conspirator was
physically present in New York. The
amended complaint alleges a number of
actions and communications that formed
the conspiracy to damage the reputation,
but not any of them took place in New
York. I still to this day wonder why
Wayfair went to New York. Maybe for ease
and to consolidate because maybe she
would then say like you have no
jurisdiction over me in California even
though the contract stated that
everything would be done under
California law. But it it is odd that
New York was chosen because the film was
filmed in New Jersey and then editing of
the film was done in California and
there was only a few things that
actually happened in New York like the
premiere and then you know he went to
her loft a couple times or her
penthouse. But even then that has
nothing to do with the smear campaign.
like things that happened during the
film are not have nothing to do with a
conspiracy of a smear campaign that
happened months and months and months
later. For example, he says Lively
alleges that certain co-conspirators
took actions within New York during the
filming of It Ends With Us, but these
actions were not within the scope of or
in furtherance of an alleged conspiracy
to retaliate against Lively, which did
not begin until after filming ended. So
everything that occurred before filming
ended, he says is not part of a
conspiracy to ruin her reputation. And
that seems to be kind of an indication
that that part of her case is weak. And
I think part of that is why she's
relying so much on the smear campaign
because everything that happened with
the harassment, the alleged harassment I
should say doesn't directly mean like
she has to prove that they were doing
these things because she spoke out. And
finding out that she was having
complaints doesn't mean a conspiracy
happened at that point. The amended
complaint alleges that Nathan lived in
Brooklyn during a portion of the
relevant period, but she does not like
specify the relevant period or any
actions that Nathan took in New York in
furtherance of the conspiracy. The fact
that she lived in New York at an
unspecified time over the course of the
conspiracy does not itself give rise to
the inference that she took an action in
furtherance of the conspiracy while in
New York particularly when she also
resided in California and was working
with others who lived in California and
Texas. And then this part I thought was
interesting. He opines about what Sor
Sorowitz said about her at the premiere.
Lyman writes, "The amended complaint
alleges that Sarowitz threatened to ruin
the lives of Miss Lively and her family
while attending the film's New York
premiere. However, Lively has not
alleged facts showing that this was an
overt act performed by any
co-conspirator for the purpose of
accomplishing the objectives of the
conspiracy. A conversation may
constitute an overt act in furtherance
of a conspiracy, but only if it tends to
carry out the object of the conspiracy.
Mere conversations between two
co-conspirators about the conspiracy do
not suffice. Here, there is nothing to
suggest an inference that Sorowitz was
attempting to recruit a co-conspirator
trying to cause lively distress or
taking any other action in furtherance
of the conspiracy. He simply stated to
an unidentified witness that he was
prepared to spend money to harm Lively.
The statement describes the existence of
a conspiracy, but there's no basis to
infer it was intended to advance the
conspiracy. And truthfully, we don't
even know what context that was. Like,
if they're being threatened to be sued,
it could be spending $100 million to
defend his faith, which is what they've
said is what he said. And we know that
Blake lies about everything. Moreover,
assuming that Nathan or Sorowitz took
actions in the New York in furtherance
of the conspiracy, Lively has not shown
that such acts may be imputed to the
Wallace defendants for jurisdictional
purposes. Wallace defendants are not
alleged to have been in close contact
with Sarowitz, and there's no reason to
infer that they would be aware of
statements he made when they were not
present in several days before they were
allegedly hired. even cases which have
not required a showing of control over
the co-conspirator have made it clear
that awareness is required. So the fact
that him saying something that he's
going to spend money isn't proof that
he's going to do anything and Jed has to
know what happened and it didn't. He
also sort of said that Blake Lively's
amended complaint did not establish
jurisdiction over him with contacts.
Like she couldn't prove that he had
contacts with anyone in New York and it
did not clarify her theory of
jurisdiction over Jed Wallace and her
opposition briefing entirely failed to
address the longarmm statue. and they
said the Wallace defendants vigorously
argued against the imputation of other
defendants contacts to them as a general
matter and they're they cannot be
faulted for failing to specifically
address a novel theory that Lively had
not yet raised. And then as far as the
conspiracybased theory of jurisdictions,
he says New York courts have never
recognized it ever. So it's not
something that they would take into
consideration. So it's sort of moot. For
example, he says, "Assuming without
deciding that the defendant can be
hailed into New York court based on
conduct by a co-conspirator outside of
the state would give rise to 302A1
personal jurisdiction. But Lively has
not alleged any such conduct by a
co-conspirator of which the Wallace
defendants had knowledge. She alleges
that part of the efforts to bury Lively
Nathan Abel Wallace and Street Relations
targeted New York by among other things
communicating with journalists, content
creators, and media entities based in
New York, including at least one
journalist at the New York Post and
another at the New York Times. This is
supported by specific allegations that
Abel and Nathan communicated with
Nathan's sister, Sarah Nathan, a
journalist at the New York Post. in page
six on multiple occasions to shape
coverage and contribute to the stories
that were eventually published. They
might support jurisdiction over Abel and
Nathan, even if those two did not engage
with their conduct from within New York.
Over and over, he just says that she
fails to prove that anything happened in
New York and that Jed Wallace had any
understanding that it was anything was
happening in New York and he didn't
communicate with anyone in New York.
Lively has not alleged facts that would
show the Wallace defendants were aware
of those jurisdiction contacts. So if
Abel and Nathan were speaking to someone
in New York, he didn't know. And then
the alleged complaint alleges that
Wallace was generally in contact with
Abel, Nathan, and Tag, and that they
worked together to suppress negative
content about Baldon and amplify
negative content about Lively. He notes
that the Wallace defendant suggested
that the plaintiff's remaining claims
for false light and aiding abetting
harassment and retaliation.
Therefore, should be subject to stricter
jurisdictional standards because she did
not establish jurisdiction over Wallace
here. In any case, the court need not
decide whether the allegations against
Nathan and Abel are hypothetically
sufficient under 302A1, an issue with
which both parties have largely failed
to address. So to me, what that signals
is that he has concerns that he has
jurisdiction over a lot of parties in
this case and that had they done a
motion to dismiss, he would have been
able to review whether or not they
actually had contact in New York and if
anything occurred in New York and that
harm was directed at New York towards
Lively. And I've said all along, I don't
think the proper venue is New York, even
under diversity jurisdiction, but since
they are willing to move forward, he'll
take the case forward, right? But that
doesn't mean they couldn't have filed a
motion to dismiss. And most importantly,
he says there are no cru there are
crucially no allegations that Wallace
was aware of Nathan and Abel's contacts
with Sarah Nathan or any other actions
targeted at New York. Even if imputation
of contacts on theory on conspiracy
could theoretically satisfy the theory
of jurisdiction, no such imputation can
occur here. And then with regard to due
process and the jurisdictional
conspiracy, they he opines that the
individual has to know that the
conspiracy existed and that the
defendant participated in it and that
co-conspirators overt acts and
furtherance of it had sufficient
contacts within the forum state to
subject that co-conspirator to
jurisdiction in this case or in the
state. And his opinion here is that the
conspiracy theory would not get off the
ground if a defendant were altogether
blindsided by its co-conspirators
contact with the for forum. So Jed says
that he didn't know that anyone was in
New York and so therefore he can't be
held liable or responsible for things he
did not know to prove that this court
has jurisdiction over them. As stated
above, the amended complaint contains no
factual allegations that the Wallace
defendants directed or controlled any
conduct into New York or were aware of
any actions taken in New York or
directed at New York. This lack of
control or awareness is fatal due to the
due process clause just as it is under
CPLR.
A defendant cannot reasonably
anticipating being hailed into a court
as a result of contacts that are unknown
to him. And then he then argues that
Blake wanted to do jurisdictional
discovery. and he stated that
jurisdictional discovery is not
necessary or appropriate given that
Lively has not alleged any action by
anyone
in the conspiracy within New York or any
contacts with New York whatsoever that
the Wallace defendants were aware of.
She has not made a sufficient start
towards establishing personal
jurisdiction.
Moreover, if relevant jurisdictional
contacts occurred and Wallace was aware
of them, this information is connected
to the merits of Lively's claims and
would logically be revealed in ongoing
document discovery from Wallace and his
co-conspirators,
not separate jurisdictional discovery
from Wallace. The substantial completion
deadline for such discovery has already
passed. In recognition of the
possibility that jurisdictionally
relevant facts may be revealed or
already have been revealed in discovery,
Lively shall have leave to amend her
complaint limited to the existing claims
alleged against the Wallace defendants.
So
essentially what he's saying is that she
presented no evidence that he knew
anything about New York, that he was
doing anything towards New York. And the
only way that she can amend and try to
go back in New York and get him in this
case again is if she can provide
discovery and relevant facts that prove
that this court has jurisdiction over
him. But every single thing that she has
told the court thus far doesn't prove
one that he had any awareness of it. And
any incident that she claims happened
within New York has nothing to do with
Jed Wallace that he was aware of or that
he was even involved in it. and her her
complaint as is really lacks any proof
that anything actually happened in New
York, which again kind of begs the
question why they didn't do a motion to
dismiss her claims. But, you know, I'm
not a I am not a a lawyer. I don't make
those decisions. But I think to sum this
up, my big takeaway from this is that
much like what he said with Justin is
like just because someone says something
doesn't mean it actually meets the
standard of causing harm. Right? So in
relation to Sorrowitz, just because he
says I'm going to spend 100 million
doesn't mean that that's going to be
proof that he did anything. She has to
prove that he used that 100 million to
ruin her. And that would not include
defending against a lawsuit. That's
using legal fees and spending on
lawsuits is not proof that you're
spending money to ruin something. And
the lawsuits themselves are not proof of
a retaliation campaign. But that's how
she's trying to prove the ongoing smear
campaign. So because people reported on
his lawsuit, we are part of that
campaign apparently under her delusions.
And as I'm, you know, I think my biggest
impression as I was reading through this
is that I had a feeling that he was
going to get dismissed based on
jurisdiction alone, right? But I'm
noticing that some of her arguments just
don't have a lot of teeth and could be a
sign that the judge doesn't totally buy
some of what she's saying because part
of her argument for conspiracy for all
of them is that it started in May of 23
and continued till today, which doesn't
make sense. Why would they plan an
alleged smear campaign against her
almost 2 years after she brought claims
or 18 months after she brought claims
against them? It really makes zero sense
and it doesn't prove a conspiracy even
exists. So for now, the only way that
she can come back into New York is to
try to prove that he knew and did
something in New York and the contacts
he had with New York involved him and he
was aware of it. Okay. And I think that
if she would have had that evidence, she
probably would have already shared it. I
think if she wants to refile, she can go
to Texas. And then if she goes to Texas
and refiles against him, that's going to
almost remove her motion to dismiss
against Wallace, right? So, she can't um
file in Texas because she has a pending
motion to dismiss there. And if she
does, then she makes herself, she's
availing herself to the jurisdiction of
Texas by saying, "I'm filing the suit
here, and I'm letting the court have
jurisdiction over me." She's on an
uphill battle with Jed and his removal
from this case with and if he's not
readded. And I just don't see that he
will be. And even if he is, she would
have to then survive another motion to
dismiss against him. And I just don't
see them having any evidence against
Wallace. And with him out of this case,
a lot of that conspiracy argument just
completely falls apart because again,
she's claiming that Wallace was an
integral part of the damage against her.
And yet now she can't have his have him
as a party of this lawsuit. And if he's
the one that was orchestrating the smear
campaign, how do you then prove that a
digital army was doing anything? If the
court has no jurisdiction over him and
this court even says nothing that he did
even took place in New York, it's an
uphill battle for her. And I think this
motion to dismiss really does show the
weaknesses of her case. So, I'm not
surprised by this. We'll have to see if
she decides to amend. She might, she
might not. And then even if she does
amend, she'll have to again overcome
another motion to dismiss. I think this
is a solid win for Jed. And I think
Blake has a decision to make and that
might be that she withdraws her motion
to dismiss in Texas and just fights him
there or she just gives up on Jed
altogether because her case against Jed
is flimsy. Flimsy much like her case her
subpoenas against content creators. So,
for those of you that are disappointed
uh that Lyman's constantly handing wins
to to Lively, this is an indication, at
least a little bit, that some of her
claims, he's seeing them for what they
are, as flimsy and lacking any real
standing. He didn't have to go through
the sta failure to state a claim, but I
really do think if he would have used
that as the means to dismiss the case,
some of her claims would have fallen
apart even further. So, are you happy
about this? Are you not happy? Let me
know in the comments below. Make sure to
give this video a thumbs up. Make sure
to subscribe to my channel if you
haven't subscribed. And don't fear about
your contacts being or your bank
accounts coming from my YouTube channel
and from my subscribers. The subpoena
thus far that I have received is for my
information. I am the subscriber that
they are after and it's my bank account
that they are after. So, fear not. And
if you are concerned about your
subscriptions being available to
YouTube, you can always set your privacy
standards on your subscriptions to
private and then YouTube doesn't share
it with anyone. So, make sure to give
your again this video a thumbs up. Make
sure to subscribe and please if you
would like to support the channel, make
sure to send super thanks, comment, and
share with friends. Help us get out in
the algorithm. Thanks so much for
watching everyone. Bye, besties.