On Monday, we had a golfer came in for a
lesson who's told us one of his swing
cues the last several months was to keep
his head still when he was swinging. So,
he got in a habit of flopping his head
all around. Someone told him he needs to
try to keep it still. When he was
swinging, he was actually taking his
left side down, kind of pouring water
out of the ear. And you're like, "So,
how how you been hitting it?" "Well, I'm
hitting it terrible. That's why I'm in."
So his feel for what he was doing was so
far off from the reality that his idea
of keeping the head still was tilting it
way to the left. And come to find out a
few minutes into the lesson, he also was
told this horrid idea of driving the
left shoulder down. So that those two
things together were really putting him
behind the eightball with a reverse
pivot. But as a swing cue, keeping your
head still is not a good cue because the
head needs to move in order for it to
look like it's not doing much.
>> Yeah. You want the the head movements to
be corresponding just to good pivot
motion, right? Good good body movements
will allow the head movements to be
good. And what happens is when you tell
someone to lock their head or just say
head still at all costs, they'll usually
do one of two things. They'll either Mr.
have in camp, you know, my all-time
favorite movie where I first see it on
Catty Jack and they have this motion
because they're trying to keep their
head locked
>> or the idea of keeping the head locked
as you start to move this club in this
plane of motion and the body will
usually make the head like Mike said,
it'll go toward the target, they'll
start almost pouring water too much out
of their left ear, tilt the the head to
the left too much, and it puts them in a
kind of a bad spot here to start the
down swing. So instead, we just like to
teach people good body movements.
>> And then depending on your the mobility,
flexibility, how your build is, your
head will will have the correct movement
too for you.
>> Yeah. If you've ever seen like a cheetah
run where it's locked in on the prey,
>> the body's moving all over, cutting left
and right, but the head's like it's
still, but it's not. The head's moving
everywhere, or a bird of prey flying
when it's locked in on his prey. The
same thing with the the head in the golf
swing. Like we've talked so much about
if I don't move my body, this is
basically what the arms do. Well, if I
don't move my body, this is what the
head's doing. It's not staying still.
It's responding to the body movement.
It's like a a gimbal on a camera that
the motors in those cameras make the
camera appear to be still, but it's
moving everywhere.
>> Give credit to Greg Rose and those guys
at TPI. They have a a mobility test
that, you know, you take their level one
course, you get like bunch of movement
screens, and I always like that one. you
know, if you don't have good mobility
left to right here, uh, as you swing,
you're going to be restricted and your
head's going to move a little different,
even with the same body movements as as
the next guy.
>> And if you are restricted, the solution
isn't to keep my head still because now
I'm got the hammer camp going or I'm
getting this kind of rocking and
blocking going. Yeah. A good drill that
we like to do to train this and we'll
have Sean set up to it here face on and
we'll use this camera as a mirror at
your house. Right. You can use the edge
of a mirror or put a piece of tape on
the mirror, which is what I did growing
up, like just to train this movement.
So, we'll have him put the club across
his shoulders.
>> Yeah. Club across your shoulders.
Getting your natural kind of setup.
>> And you want to put the piece of tape on
the mirror or a line. We'll have Laz put
a line beside Shod's head. He's going to
make sure his shoulders rotate. Move his
left shoulder across without his head
floating over with it.
>> Okay. Yeah. So, if I do that, the
shoulder is going to move from where it
is. Now, if Mike puts his finger there
and just doesn't move it when I move,
it's going to move from where it is now
out towards the front of my chin here
out this way. Now, you see a lot of
motion there, but you don't see a lot of
movement of my rib cage and my head
moving away. And that that's the trick.
It's the plane that these shoulders move
in. That's important. If you can learn
how to do that and then unwind the hips
into the finish, you start training in a
pretty, you know, if I put my arm down
here, you start to see, you see a nice
flow of the head without these big
movements or trying to lock it in.
>> And that's a great way to start training
it.
>> And if you have poor neck mobility and
you move the shoulder correctly, make
sure you don't touch the microphone,
>> you may see about a half a heads worth
of movement. That's fine.
>> You you're never going to see
>> this much. Like that's just beginner
golfer 101 of never seen that golf
lesson given would never want that golf
lesson. But to say no movement if
there's a mobility issue is not good
advice.
>> And just to tell somebody, you mentioned
it before, just these swing cues, left
shoulder or lead shoulder down, the
golfer a lot of times because he knows
he only has, you know, 3/4 of a second
to get the club to the top, they're
going to cheat that and it gives them
the opposite problem. they're they're
too far low and left with their lead
shoulder as they start back instead of
letting it flow across into a good pivot
motion where they can have nice width at
the top and their spine's in a good
spot.
>> Do it down the line or like to the
target with this angle right here. Yeah,
perfect.
>> So Sean's back angle is somewhere on
this, right? So if I you can move it out
of the way now.
>> So if I just move this like it's
rotating around my spine, this is going
to move farther across than it does
down. The only way it moves one to one
is if he was to position his back 90
degrees like a Michelle Wii. Like no one
swings like that, nor would you want to.
That's the only time you're going to see
equal amounts of down and across unless
you're trying to really add some down to
it, which again is a terrible idea.
>> Yeah. So just thinking across, obviously
there's some there is some down to it
because I'm bent forward here. But if
you just let it go out in front of your
face here, you'll you'll create some
space between that initial line that
Mike had there and the head's fairly
steady and that puts you in a great spot
to start to unwind the hips to start the
down swing.
>> So, the first drill is just to plop
yourself in front of a mirror, your
video camera, and make that movement
without the arms.
>> You've got to the body's got to be able
to do its thing correctly so the head
can learn how to move. Again, Sean's
doing this as he's rotating his body.
The next movement, we've got our swing
coach app set up here with the head
movement on the top of the swing and at
impact. And I'm going to step out of the
way so Sean can hit a couple. Just
trying to make sure he pivoted correctly
to keep his head in the window at the
top and the same in the down swing.
>> Yeah. So, this swing coach app is great.
It keeps you honest. It's like having
Mike, your teacher standing back there.
So, I'm going to do one now where I try
to do it the right way first and I'll
show you kind of what happens. kind of
get out of the way so I can cuz I don't
think it's going to you're going to hear
it with the screen recorder on. Go
ahead.
>> All right. I'll try to do my best effort
first to see if I can get a good swing
feedback.
>> All right. Good. Green. We got green at
the top. We got green at impact.
>> So, you know, it may take you some time
to get that, but a lot of you are going
to make this move right here. I'll do
the the first one where it's almost too
flat and my head starts to to pop out of
the zone. So if I go up and away and
then I end up staying too tall.
>> Yeah. So the the pivot in the back swing
pulled your head out of motion. So you
didn't have a head issue, you had a
pivot issue.
>> Trying to fix that by not moving the
head would have result in a terrible
motion.
>> And having the app running while you're
hitting ball is just so smart because it
gives you the feedback on every swing
and you can make the adjustment. So, if
I heard that the next swing, okay, I
just to make sure this shoulder goes
across and doesn't kind of travel
upwards as I make the back swing and
I'll be in good shape.
>> If you got a Apple device, it'll be on
Android soon. Get a two free two free
week trial. We'll get that out in a
second to give it a try. Use it. It's
the best practice app we've ever seen
for golf. You can use if you have an
Android, you could use your phone,
obviously, Mirror, any of those things.
You just need feedback to confirm or
disprove what you're feeling is actually
what you're doing.
>> And then, you know, once you make the
swing, if you did it incorrectly,
there'll be a coaching video pop up in
the right. You can click that. It's got
a coach there showing you, some of them
are me
>> showing you the right movements. You can
apply that to your very next swing.
Start to make a true swing change
without just guessing every time you go
to the range.
>> Shed the idea. If your head's moving
around too much, shed the idea of trying
to keep your head still. Look at what
the body's doing because the head's
always going to or should respond to
what the body's doing. Fix it with that
movement first. Then allow your head to
learn how to move correctly. You'll be
have you'll build a better swing because
of