Everybody who has a heart sees that and
goes, "That can't be right."
>> So, what he's doing is focusing entirely
on this agenda of punishment and
cruelty.
>> I got to say, as somebody who follows
news and politics closely, who tries to
do my best to inform people about what
is going on, it is incredibly annoying
to say the least, that one of the
dumbest people on earth is also one of
the most influential. Joe Rogan, the man
that helped Trump win the election,
absolutely had an impact, is now maybe
regretting what he did. So, I'm going to
get to his clip on how he's feeling
about these what ICE is doing, the mass
deportations, and how they're just
terrorizing people. And it's worth
noting all of this was clear before the
election.
It's one thing if you don't have a
platform, if you weren't paying
attention, if you don't have the biggest
podcast on earth and brought Donald
Trump on your podcast to give him a nice
massage. If you're not that person, you
know, and you're surprised at what's
happening,
okay,
if you're Joe Rogan, though, and you
have a platform, you have an impact on
people and you didn't know this was
coming,
you're a dumbass.
this. So, I'll get to the Rogan clip,
but all of this was very clear. This was
during the RNC last year. Trump is
putting mass deportations at the heart
of his campaign with they literally
handed out signs, mass deportation. Now,
Republicans cheer for mass deportation,
a dark new chapter in America's history
of othering them. That's a again article
from the RNC a year ago.
This is posted by the mega war room.
This is a Republican aligned group that
shared this clip of Donald Trump.
>> That is why as soon as I take the oath
of office, we will begin the largest
deportation operation in the history of
our country, even larger than that of
President Dwight D. Eisenhower.
>> Shortly after that, Joe Rogan had this
monster on his podcast to give him the
easiest interview of his life. also went
on to give him a big hug after he won
the election at UFC 309 on November
16th.
A few months later, when Trump took over
and ICE began what they are doing, this
is a report from June. 65% of people
taken by ICE had no convictions, 93% no
violent convictions. More data here. ICE
is deporting thousands with minor
offenses from traffic violations to weed
possession. People with no criminal
convictions at all make up 2thirds of
the more than 120,000 people deported
between January and May. For another 8%,
the only offense on the record was
illegal entry to the US. Only about 12%
were convicted of a crime that was
either violent or potentially violent.
The numbers contradict officials
continued claims that immigration
enforcement is focusing on the worst of
the worst criminal offenders. And all of
this was warned about before the
election. If you did any reading at all
of the scrutiny of Donald Trump's
campaign project 2025, the people around
Donald Trump like Steven Miller,
absolute monsters, you would have been
aware of this.
You
when you have a platform,
you have a responsibility
to the people to your audience, the
people that may come across your video.
You have a responsibility to tell them
the reality as you see it. Which is why
I show you my sources. I link to my
sources below the video under sources on
YouTube. And then I discuss my thoughts,
which may differ from your thoughts, but
I show you why I reach the conclusions I
reach based on what I see. Rogan is a
100 millionaire. He has a hell of a lot
more freedom, a hell of a lot more time,
a hell of a lot more resources than I do
and didn't do the bare minimum when it
came to discussing the election.
And now we're supposed to what? Feel bad
that he was fooled.
Feel good that he is maybe being aware
of the mistake he made. No, this is a an
absolute dumbass that does not even
dumbass is being too kind. He does not
care about how his platform impacts real
people's lives.
Immigrants with no criminal record now
the largest group in ICE detention.
So they show the numbers here like it's
it's wild. And you know, you could do
any any search. There are hundreds if
not thousands of stories about ICE
terrorizing people. There was the recent
one from last week, the the big one
about the raid on on a Chicago apartment
building. ICE putting kids in handcuffs,
raiding this apartment building
overnight, just terrorizing these
people, these innocent people. Another
example, Debbie Brockman, this is a
recent example, is a journalist for WGN,
Chicago's most iconic television
station. Here she is being wrestled to
the ground, handcuffed and detained by
masked ICE agents in broad daylight. ICE
ran to her vehicle, dragged her out. Her
whereabouts is unknown. Another recent
one, this from two days ago, video shows
ICE agents shooting, protesting past her
with pepper ball from a rooftop, and
they apparently laughed after they did
it. and they came out later to defend
themselves. ICE released a statement
after an agent aimed a pepper ball at a
priest's head after he prayed and
laughed when he was hit. Quote, "If you
are obstructing law enforcement, you can
expect to be met with force."
They were on a rooftop. ICE was on a
rooftop. These were just protesters.
This is a pastor obstructing law
enforcement.
Adam Johnson writing here. Not sure
people Not sure people not subject to
this in their cities truly comprehend
how much ICE is terrorizing Chicago.
They are everywhere kidnapping whomever
they want. Arresting journalists,
targeting construction and domestic
laborers, deliberately sewing fear in
almost every neighborhood.
Here is the dumbass himself.
>> Let's just talk about the the
immigration thing. The way it looks is
horrific. when you're are just arresting
people in front of their kids and just
normal regular people that have been
here for 20 years
>> that everybody who has a heart can't get
along with that.
>> No,
>> everybody who has a heart sees that and
goes that can't be right. That can't be
right. That can't be the only way to do
this,
>> right?
>> Because you have to think, look, yeah,
we have to have a border. Yes, it should
have been secure. Yes, they should make
sure you know who everybody is before
they get in. But when people been here
for 20 years, like come on, man. That's
crazy. Like, let's find a way. If
they've been productive members of
society for 20 years, no criminal
record, they worked the entire time,
they paid taxes,
>> find them a pathway to citizenship. Find
a way where you can do this thing that
you want to do, which is keep terrorists
and cartel members from getting across
the border with drugs that kill 100,000
people a year. Okay. But also have a
heart because if you don't,
you're not going to get anybody on your
side if you're doing this stuff
publicly. Throwing women to the ground,
handcuffing people just for
>> existing on the wrong side of the dirt.
Not a criminal. Not The only crime they
ever committed was coming over here as a
kid.
>> Yeah.
>> They probably didn't even know what the
was going on.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I mean,
>> you know, a lot of kids got snuck across
when they were already born in Mexico
and they've grown up their entire life
in America. They can't even speak
Spanish. This is someone who is now
trying to cover his ass because he knows
how unpopular all of this is.
You have to hold yourself to a higher
standard when you have a platform when
you've made over $und00 million
for doing a podcast.
If you're going to discuss news and
politics, if you're going to weigh in,
if you're going to bring politicians on,
you have to know what you're doing.
It's hard to know what to say because
it's just it's this is somebody like I
actually after all of this I actually do
believe this kind of bothers Joe Rogan.
I'm someone who I used to watch his
podcast going back 2013 to like 2017.
Uh then he began to have on some
questionable guess. But there's a real
person that was in there at some point.
We're seeing we see a moment of it here,
but it like I I just I have such a hard
time comprehending how you don't
understand
how important it is to be informed when
you are speaking on these issues before
an election.
Like I I
to feel no responsibility to that, to
not h to not apologize for what you
helped bring in,
have some awareness, grow from it, to
not have any of that.
I don't know.
Like just
my only hope is people stop listening to
to garbage like this. To be clear, he
isn't the only one. There's a bunch of
dumb asses like this that that were on
the Trump train and now are trying to
backpedal because of what's actually
happening. That was all clear before the
election. It just
ridiculous. One last clip here. I want
to share just a nice pallet cleanser
because after watching this dumb it's
dumbass. It's it's important to be
reminded that good people exist in
positions of power with platforms. Loran
Mamani was on MSNBC's uh Morning Joe and
spoke to what the strategy of what Trump
is doing. Donald Trump ran on three
promises. He ran on the punishment of
his political enemies. He ran on easing
the cost of living crisis. And he ran on
engaging in a program of mass
deportation. It's that second promise of
the cost of living crisis that brought
so many to his campaign. And yet he's
unable and unwilling to deliver on that
because he's beholdened to the very
billionaires that are profiting off of
that crisis. So what he's doing is
focusing entirely on this agenda of
punishment and cruelty. And what I would
do is to actually stand up for New
Yorkers. And what I mean by that is you
can see in this race right now, the
other candidate that is running for
mayor is Andrew Cuomo. He released a
statement yesterday speaking about this
indictment of Attorney General James. He
couldn't even name her. He couldn't even
name Donald Trump. And he couldn't do
those things because he knows that his
narrow path to city hall is paved by the
very billionaires who put Donald Trump
back in the White House. And Donald
Trump's getting a good return on his
investment right now because he's seeing
a mayoral candidate, a former governor,
unwilling to lift a finger when we see
this unprecedented attack not just on
our democracy, but on attorney general
whose only crime is standing up for the
people of New York.
>> All right. So, while I think it's
important to note that movements,
people, people power is what leads to
lasting change. Having political leaders
like Zoran Mamani who by the way are are
from the movements.
Having political leaders like this who
are able to articulate what is going on
and have these individuals in positions
of power like you know mayor of New York
City is a solid position of power in
terms of being able to lead a fight,
lead a movement to push back against
what is happening. It it's important to
highlight people like this and ensure
people like this get into whatever
positions of power exist because if
there is that combination of outside
power of movements with inside power
like mayor of New York City, that is
what can ultimately help a what what was
just a movement move it into something
that actually leads to lasting change.
If you enjoyed this video, please hit
like and subscribe and check out some of
the other videos I have on this channel.