This is a golf tip that's going viral
right now. And when I showed it and
implemented it with one of my students,
his words were, "It changed the way I
thought about the down swing. I've
critiqued this tip and added my own
element to it into three simple
digestible levels." We're fixing three
things today. Either when you rotate and
spin out, you make the over the top
move, or you stand up through the golf
ball. I'm going to show you exactly how
you can lead from the hips. Does this
sound familiar? Now, this tip must be
good, right? because so many people are
watching it, getting amazing results,
and sharing this video with so many
other golfers. Level one is how you
understand and groove the correct way to
lead with the hips. Level two is how you
make it feel a little more natural in
your swing. And finally, level three is
how you make it stick for years. And
I've taken students applying this viral
tip from 240 weak fades all the way up
to 275 280 draws because the sequencing
was right. I've seen this tip and it
baffled me why we didn't break it down.
It was like what? Why? How can you miss
this? So the first thing I want you to
do is just place your golf club at the
bottom of your back here. Right? This is
the key. This is how you lead with the
hips. This is level one. I want you now
to get into golf posture. Okay? So, if I
was to grab a golf club in golf posture,
I'm placing it behind my back. Okay?
Now, I want you to look at these two key
things here. I want you to send your
belt buckle down towards your lead foot.
Look what I did there. Belt buckle down
towards my lead foot. Now, I want you to
turn through right hip under left. Look
where I finish. See how my left hip is
higher than my right? Let me show you
that again. Down. Belt buckle down.
Right hip under left. When you spin out
of it, your hips will stay level. When
we get it right, we have
that sensation. Can you see the
difference? Placing this golf club
behind your back, you really get that
sensation of what is the actual movement
my hips are intending to do. This right
hip under left of what my hips are
intending to do in the motion. Now, a
real key part of this when you're
practicing it, try as best you can to
leave your chest towards the golf ball
for as long as you can. That way you're
getting that feeling of what separation
is in your golf swing. Okay, let's do
one more rep for you and then we've done
and dusted with level one down and
through and then finish it. Whoa, you
can feel that. Groove that for 10 to 20
reps to get that exact feeling. Let's
groove this and make it more natural.
Here's level two. Best part about this
is you've already got the sensation of
what's happening down towards impact and
that action. We're now just building up
here. So take your club and what I want
to really see here is can I get you to
really start with the hips and hit from
the inside. And we'll see that take your
club to the top and just pause. If the
top of your back swings here, don't
worry about that. I'm not too bothered
where it is. Just make what feels a
comfortable back swing for you. We make
that swing back. And I want you to
really break it down and do this slowly
for me. We're sending our belt buckle
down towards our ankle on our lead foot.
Keeping our chest back here over our
trail foot as long as possible. Watch
this.
Wow. Look at the space I've got. It will
feel like we're losing a little bit of
height on that down swing. And what I
want to reassure you with here, this is
a key move that all the top players
make. Rory makes it to start down. Tommy
Fleetwood makes it to start down. Tiger
had moved this for years. All top
impeccable ball strikers have something
in common. They have that first start of
their down swing where their belt buckle
is going down towards their ankle and
their chest is staying back. Don't
forget, you've already started to learn
this at level one. Okay? down towards
the ankle, right hip under. But what I
want you to take comfort in is there's a
common denominator what all top ball
strikers do. And this is one of those.
So really get that sensation of pause
down. Oh my god, look how much more room
I've got. Right hip under left. Look
where I finished just here. So, a great
way to feel this and practice this is
just grab a teg, place it inside roughly
on the line of the balls of your feet.
What I want you to feel here is that
we're not standing up, that we're not
spinning out. We're really focusing on
that start of the down swing and sending
our belt buckle inside this line down
towards our heel, leaving our chest
back. That is that exaggeration
there. Right, let's hit one away super
slow at this stage and just see what
numbers we get. So you'd hit five golf
balls away gradually getting quicker and
quicker with every shot. Now let's hit
one away at gear five. Now the reason
why you build up the speed, it gives
your brain a chance to go, ah, what am I
looking for to initiate that start of
the down swing? And that initiation
feeling has to be belt buckle down to
ankle, leaving chest back. Let's see
what we get distance-wise, pathwise to
hold it accountable this drill.
Wow.
Straight as a bullet. That really just
feels so delayed back here. That is that
feeling. Now I actually feel I've got
loads more gears to go into here. Let's
take a look at this data. 265 yard
total. We're only at level two here.
This is what we want. Okay, we only
finished two yards right of target.
Level three, let's make it stick in your
golf swing for years. Let's also see
what distance we can get. This is about
sequencing. You now have the information
of what do the hips do at level one. At
any point, go back to that. Get that
feeling. We now got that sensation of
what actually initiates that start of
the down swing. That move. This move
back creates space to get the right hip
under and through. The timing drill. How
I want you to feel this is really nice
and simple. At first, just make a few
practice swings where you turn that
chest back and the hands stay what feel
super low. Now, as you lift the hands
up, I want you to leave the chest where
it is and send the hips down. So, it
should feel like this. And it should
feel quite
exaggerated. It should almost feel like
this is happening. This is happening. If
this was my hips, this is my chest. This
is happening. My my hips are going down
and opening and my chest is staying
back. That's what it should feel like.
It's a very bizarre feeling, a very
exaggerated feeling, but that's how I
know it's going to stick. If you've been
practicing stupid drills with sticks
here and this and that and you've never
had any success, well, isn't it time we
start doing this? So, get that feeling.
Let me show you that again. Turn that
chest back. Left arm's parallel to the
ground and my chest is sort of at 230 if
12 is the golf ball. My hands are low.
As I lift,
I move those hips through.
That is the way you get that sequencing
to stop spinning, stop standing up,
really initiate that down swing with the
hips first.
And look at this. I led with the hips. I
swung from the inside. My face was
square. I hit up on it. And let's see
our distance. Not bad, eh? We said 270
to 280. 270 yard shot down the fairway
getting these to lead the way.