So, I don't think most people realize
this, but the US government is now an
investor in the stock market. They're
calling it the new economic strategy.
So, here's what happened. In the last
few months, the US government took
ownership in some of the most
strategically important corporations in
America. The US now owns about 10% of
Intel, the company that makes our
microchips, 15% of a company called MP
Materials, which is the only rare earth
mining company in the country. about 10%
of lithium Americas which controls one
of the biggest lithium deposits in North
America and it also has what President
Trump calls a golden share in US steel
which gives the US veto power over
decisions made by a private company. So
all of these companies which were once
privately owned are now part owned and
in some cases controlled by the US
government. Now the government is
telling us that this is about national
security, right? Making sure that the US
can make its own semiconductors and mine
its own rare earths and make its own
steel without relying on China or anyone
else. But what's really happening is a
lot more significant because this is a
huge change in how the US economy is
going to work. And that's because when
the government owns part of a company,
it's not just going to influence its
policy. It's going to start to influence
its profits, its management decisions,
and it changes the game of competition
because in a way it also allows the
government to pick the winners and
losers of a market. So it sort of blurs
the line between free markets and state
control. And the crazy part about that
is that this is exactly the kind of
system the US spent decades warning the
world not to copy. This is the model
used by China where the government owns
stakes and strategic companies and then
uses that as leverage to control their
economy. Now, the US spent years saying
that this system is unfair, it's
manipulative, it's dangerous for global
competition. Not only has China declined
to adopt promise reforms, it has
embraced an economic model dependent on
massive market barriers, heavy state
subsidies, currency manipulation,
product dumping, forced technology
transfers, and the theft of intellectual
property.
>> But now the US is going to be doing a
version of the exact same thing. So
after learning about this, I had a lot
of questions like how exactly is the US
government buying these companies,
right? Where's the money coming from?
And is this good or is it bad? And how
is it going to affect investors and our
portfolios? So things are about to get
very interesting. And with that said,
let's get into it. Hi, my name is Henri
Chick. Hope you're doing well. Come for
the finance and stay for the new
investor on the block, the United
States. So the first question I had
about all of this is how is the US
actually doing this? Like where is it
getting the money to do all of this? So
in the case of this stock for example,
Intel, the government converted funding
from the chips and science act into
equity. So instead of just handing out a
grant for new plants, the Treasury and
Commerce departments negotiated for the
shares of the company, about a 9.9%
ownership stake, plus the ability to buy
more if Intel meets certain production
and job targets. So that's Intel. Now,
another company, MP Materials, the
Department of Defense, used a mix of
something called convertible preferred
stocks and contracts, which guarantee
the government access to rare earth
minerals in exchange for funding. And
that deal gave the US about a 15% stake,
plus influence over the company's
pricing and export rules. Now, for
Lithium America's this stock, the
Department of Energy renegotiated a huge
$2.3 billion loan, which was originally
meant for the creation of a lithium mine
in Nevada. But instead of just giving
them the loan for free, the government
added a clause giving it stock warrants,
or basically the right to buy up to 10%
of the company if the project is
successful. Then there's also Trilogy
Metals which got just a huge infusion of
money and the federal government funded
a new infrastructure in Alaska for an
access road that the company needed. And
in return, the government got about a
10% equity stake and long-term resource
rights. Now, what's interesting is when
Nippen Steel, which is a Japanese
company, said that they wanted to buy US
Steel, the White House said the deal
could only go through if the US
government got what's called a golden
share. It's a special non-economic share
that gives the US veto power over major
corporate decisions like for example
plant closures or foreign sales,
executive appointments and things like
that. Anything that might threaten its
national security interests. So instead
of passing a new law or nationalizing
industries, the government is using all
sorts of things like loan programs and
the chips act and the defense production
act and the department of defense energy
loan guarantees and basically regulatory
approvals to take part ownership of
these private companies. So if you want
our approval, you got to give us a
portion of your company. Now once the
government becomes an investor the
question is should we help companies
like this like is this a good thing or a
bad thing and I think that's a really
complicated question to answer and it
really depends on how you look at it
like one way to look at this is yeah
it's a really smart strategic move
because it's a way to protect America's
future by making sure that important
industries like chips energy and steel
stay in America's control and that's
important in a world where China
dominates 90% of rare earths, 70% of
lithium refining, and makes most of the
world's solar panels. So, the question
is, how do you compete with a player
that has so much influence because it
controls its own supply chain? China
controls the resources and the
manufacturing that makes all of this
possible, and the US just can't compete
with that. And here's an example. I
recently went down a rabbit hole here on
YouTube about Chinese electric cars and
I learned that right now China is
selling cars where a lot of them
actually have an excess of 400 m of
electric range. They have cars with
hypercar territory performance and
luxury you can't even compare with until
you get to multiple six figures. And the
price point for these cars like $30 to
$40,000 on average. If you brought these
cars over to the US, none of the
companies, including Tesla, here in the
US, would be able to compete with them.
Everyone would be buying these Chinese
cars. And why is that? Is it because we
don't have the technology to build them?
No. It's because if the US made them
here, they would cost hundreds of
thousands of dollars. And they do, and
that's why they're unaffordable. China
can do this because partially because
they steal the United States IP for
research and development because
everything is made there, but also
because when you get rid of the R&D cost
and you have the power of government
money to subsidize the manufacturing of
cars, no free market can win against it.
So for years, the United States watched
this happen without competing on the
same level because it can't. And now
that's starting to change. The US is
realizing that this idea of the free
market cannot win against a command
economy that uses state power and
influence to win. So America's answer
then is to start playing by the same
rules to make national security its new
priority. And politically that's
actually really powerful, right? because
no president wants to be the one accused
of letting another country win the race
of technology and energy. So all of
these equity deals that we're seeing
play out, they let the president say,
"We're bringing back jobs, right? We're
building factories. We're investing in
America again." So on paper, it looks
like a very patriotic, very smart
change, right? But it also comes with a
huge change to how capitalism works.
Because when the government starts
deciding which companies deserve to
exist, like which ones get the
approvals, which ones get the money,
which ones don't, then that's not really
a free market anymore, is it? And that's
where things start to look a lot more
like China than I think anyone wants to
admit. But then the question is, so what
is that such a bad thing? Before we get
into that, here's something I've been
personally doing to keep stacking SATs
while the rest of this plays out with a
Bitcoin credit card by Gemini, who's
actually sponsoring this video. and it's
a card I've been using for a while now.
All opinions are mine and they weren't
influenced by Gemini. I use it like any
other regular credit card for gas,
groceries, and travel, but I earn
Bitcoin every time I use it. It has no
annual fee, and you can see the rates
and fees in the description for more
info, but you get up to 4% back and over
50 cryptocurrencies instantly, and you
can choose which one you want.
Personally, I have mine set to Bitcoin,
of course, but it's 4% on gas, transit,
and ride share, 3% on dining, 2% on
groceries, and 1% on everything else.
It's a Mastercard World Elite. I've used
it internationally with no issues and
every time I use it, it adds to my
Bitcoin stack and I plan to hold that
for the long term. The best part is
you're investing as you spend. In fact,
according to Gemini, card holders who
earned and held their Bitcoin for one
year saw an average appreciation of
176%. Those are not your typical credit
card points. So, if you're interested,
click the link in the description or go
to gemini.com/andre
to get $200 in Bitcoin when you spend
$3,000 in your first 90 days. Thank you,
Gemini, for sponsoring this segment. And
now let's get back to it. So here's how
you can think about this. When the
government becomes an investor in the
market, it changes the rules of the
whole competition. Right? In history and
data actually give us a reason to be a
little worried. In the fourth turning
theory, for example, every 80 years or
so, this happens in the fourth and final
phase, the decline of the empire. And
that's where the government steps in to
take control of the industries that it
sees as important to its own survival.
Like during the 1940s, for example, that
was steel, oil, and weapons. Today,
that's semiconductors, AI, and energy.
Having the government give companies
money means they could start doing deals
not because they want to create better
stuff, but because they want to lobby
and buy politicians in return for
favorable funding and approvals.
Subsidies from the government can become
a lot more attractive and appealing than
spending all that money on research and
development. And we've seen this play
out in other economies when state
capital or money dominates. So their
innovation and creativity slows down
because then the safest thing to do is
to play politics instead of make a
better product, right? Like why take the
chance and compete with Apple and make a
better iPhone when you can just instead
spend the money to cultivate a better
relationship with that politician that
could give you that government handout.
Now I realize that's sort of how it
works today as well, but now we have a
precedent. Now this is happening, right?
The government's now buying these
companies. So now the stage is set for
this to happen more. So another risk is
that money might actually move away from
good efficient companies towards those
that have government favoritism. Over
time it weakens the economy. We've seen
that happen in China. There the
government owns big stakes in what it
calls strategic industries, finance,
energy, tech, manufacturing. But instead
of having a competitive market that's
driven by a free economy, it instead
creates what economists call rentseeking
behavior, which is when companies exist
just to stay in favor with the state
rather than its customers. So what ends
up happening then is on one side
politically connected companies, they
get all the cheap loans, all the tax
breaks and all the subsidies, right? And
on the other hand, the independent
companies, even the good creative ones,
have a really hard time with money and
approval. So they can't really compete
over time. That favoritism leads to
weaker creativity, wasted money, slower
growth, less risk-taking, etc. Right?
That's why some economists say China's
biggest weakness, it's not his debt or
demographics. It's their parent state,
the dependency of it. So if the US
starts doing the same thing that risks
building an economy where political
access becomes more important than
creativity. So that then brings me to
the real question which is why is the US
buying the stock market right now? It's
because this is the fight for the
control of the future and this is
happening at a time when China's economy
is slowing down. Russia is separating
itself from the West and the US is
looking at the most expensive debt in
history. At the same time, the world is
sort of splitting into two separate
economies. One that's built around
dollars and the other one that's built
around Chinese capital. Both sides are
sort of racing to control the same
stuff. Energy, microchips, minerals, and
the internet. Whoever controls that
controls the future. Now in this game
that's being played, China's actually
winning. Like take rare earths for
example. China controls the refining,
the processing, the export restrictions,
and the licensing. That gives it the
ability to say if you press that reset
button, no more rare earths for you,
right? That means China controls the
pricing power and the ability to
weaponize its supply. And it's not just
minerals, by the way. China also
controls roughly 80% of solar panel
production. So the US can't just rely on
trade deals or sanctions because those
don't work against a country that
controls its own supply chain. So that's
why this is happening now. The US can't
compete with China in the open market.
The US cannot weaponize the dollar
against China the way that it does
against the smaller economies. and it
can't use the reset button which has
historically been war because that's not
a winnable option. The US government
knows this. So then how do you fight
back, right? So I think what's happening
right now is a strategy of well if you
can't beat them, join them. And that's
why the US is buying into the stock
market because it has to. It's building
its own version of state capitalism
whether we admit it or not. And that I
think leads to a more important question
which is of course is this good or bad
for the average person that lives and
invests in the US. And here's my very
uninformed opinion because at the end of
the day I have no idea what's going to
happen. But first I just want to address
people that say, "Well, Andre, this is
nothing new, right? This is not the
first time that the US gets involved.
The US is finally just catching up." And
that is true. This is not the first time
because DARPA funded the internet,
right? NASA funded space technology. The
government's always been involved in one
way or another. There's a long history
of public money funding private
companies. But this time is very
different because the government is not
just giving them the money and funding
it. It's also now partially owning them.
And I think ownership changes the
incentive structure. And that's really
dangerous because once you mix politics
in with free markets, then it's really
hard to see where one begins and the
other ends. And I think on the surface
it sounds like a good idea. It sounds
patriotic, right? Like we're investing
in America's future. But here's the
truth. This is not the kind of
manufacturing that's going to bring back
millions of jobs. Because the industries
we're talking about like semiconductors,
lithium refining, AI infrastructure,
those are all very high-skilled
high-tech industries. In some cases,
they'll require PhDs and robotics
engineers. They will be mostly automated
systems that are going to do most of the
work humans used to do. So even if we do
build more factories, they will be
filled not with people but with robots.
You might see a ribbon cutting ceremony
or two and maybe a couple thousand new
jobs, but they will never offset what
will be lost to automation and AI. Now,
for investors though, I think this
creates uh a new opportunity because
when the government becomes an investor,
politics, I think, starts to play a much
bigger role than it normally should,
whether we like it or not. So, the
companies that start to win then are not
necessarily the most creative ones.
They'll be the most strategically and
politically aligned ones. Right? We saw
that play out earlier in the Trump's
presidency. A lot of companies were
sucking up to the president and they
were there. It's for a reason. If the US
owns 10% of Intel and it funds MP
materials and it backs lithium Americas,
Wall Street sees that. That money
follows that. And if you think about it,
when the government invests in
companies, it also has an interest in
keeping their stock prices somewhat
stable, especially during election
years. That's kind of a safety net in a
way. In a way, it's the US market is
actually being engineered not to fail.
And I think this is where AI sort of
ties everything together because the
same technology that's going to replace
all of us will also be the one that
picks our investments for us. So without
letting this video become about anything
specific, I think there's going to be a
lot of interesting intersections between
all of this and AI. So go ahead and try
this out. Ask your favorite AI if it
could choose an investment free from
corporate control, free from government
manipulation, cannot be debased, shut
down or printed into oblivion, something
that has increasing demand, is globally
liquid, anti-fragile, has a finite
supply, network reinforcement. One word,
what would it choose? See what it tells
you. I'll leave it at that. So, for
investors, this could lead to one of the
craziest market runs in years, or it
could also be a complete disaster.
Either way, I'm staying invested and I'm
just here for the ride. But I'd love to
hear your thoughts about it. I hope you
have a wonderful rest of your day. Smash
the like button, subscribe if you
haven't already. I'd love to see you
back here next week. I'll see you soon.
Bye-bye.