What if I told you your belly fat isn't
just fat? It's a sign your organs are
under attack. Look, the diet industry
doesn't want you to hear this. But
today, I'm exposing five truths they've
spent billions of dollars trying to
hide. From broken food pyramids to detox
scams to the reason your grocery store
is designed to keep you sick, this
lesson will change how you see health
forever. Bombshell number one, your
belly fat is actually organ dysfunction.
Look, your extra body fat is not as
simple as you're storing extra calories.
It's a reflection of your organ
dysfunction. Think about it. If fat was
simply a math equation, calories in
versus calories out, then the whole
world would be lean by now. But why do
so many people cut calories, jog for
hours, yet they still can't lose belly
fat because belly fat is not just fat.
It's a sign of insulin resistance, fatty
liver disease, and cellular
inflammation. You see, there are two
main types of fat you have on your body.
You have subcutaneous body fat, which is
not inflammatory. It's not dangerous.
It's the fat around your arms. But then
you have the visceral fat. This is the
fat that is highly inflammatory and very
dangerous. This is a type of white fat
that wraps around your vital organs,
your heart, your kidneys, your liver,
and even your pancreas. and it applies
pressure, creating insulin to increase,
which is your fat storage hormone.
Inflammation goes up and no matter how
hard you diet or exercise, it's
impossible to lose weight. Studies show
that this type of fat releases toxic
signals to the rest of the body, which
further damages your liver, your
pancreas, your heart, your kidneys. It's
not just a storage tank for calories.
It's an active poisonous factory. And
the most shocking part is this. The
medical industry knows this, but yet
they still tell you just eat less and
move more because that keeps you on the
treadmill literally and financially.
Your belly fat is your body screaming at
you. Fix the dysfunction and the extra
fat will melt away as a side effect. So,
we need to stop treating the symptoms
and get to the cause. The main
contributors to this visceral fat are
going to be fructose in excess,
especially high fructose corn syrup. So,
you see this in a lot of packaged foods.
You want to read the ingredients label
and even though it says low calorie,
organic, gluten-free, whatever buzzwords
are on that packaging, doesn't really
matter. Look at the ingredients list and
if it has glucose in it, a high fructose
corn syrup in it, that is a problem
because your liver has to metabolize 90%
of fructose. And if it's already
overwhelmed because you have visceral
fat, it cannot process the fructose. So
it leads to an accumulation of more fat
around the liver which spreads to other
organs inside of your body which leads
to weight gain and weight loss
resistance. Yes, it is the high fructose
corn syrup that is the most damaging.
But even fruit in excess like juices and
smoothies can be an issue. And you might
be thinking, "Oh, I just have green
smoothies." Well, look at the sugar
content of your green smoothie. It could
be 20 to 30 gram of sugar with a lot of
it being fructose. And that's a
concentrated dose of fructose when you
juice the fruit or put it into a
smoothie. So the first step here is to
lower your fructose intake by lowering
getting rid of high fructose corn syrup,
eating less fruit, and staying away from
juices and smoothies. Bombshell number
two. The detox industry is a scam. Look,
you don't need $300 juice cleanses,
colon cleanses. You don't need skinny
teas or 24-hour detox juices. None of
those are actually real detox. The truth
is this. Your body has built-in
mechanisms in place for detox. These are
called your downstream detox systems and
your upstream detox systems. They are
the following. Your lymphatic system,
which is your body's gutter system, your
kidneys, your liver, your gut, your
colon. These are your downstream detox
systems. And when they're blocked and
interfere with, you're not detoxing.
You're accumulating toxins, raising
inflammation, and leading to more
visceral fat. So the first step is to
stop putting garbage inside of your
body. Stop putting the foods or what I
call food like substances, franken foods
in your body so your body can start
working on detox. Right now, if you're
consuming things like processed fats,
seed oils, high fructose corn syrup,
pesticides, processed junk food,
drinking out of plastic water bottles,
using plastic Tupperware, you continue
to detox and rettox, meaning you're
adding in these toxins and your body
just cannot keep up with the demand.
Unfortunately, we live in the most toxic
time than ever before. The food supply
is toxic. It's loaded with chemicals
like glyphosate. It's loaded with other
contaminants like heavy metal and mold
contaminants. So, we want to eat organic
non-GMO food as much as possible. We
want to stay away from seed oils. The
following fats are highly inflammatory.
You want to get rid of them. These are
going to be canola, corn, and cotton
seed oil, soybean, safflower, sunflower
oil, rice brand oil, grape seed oil, and
even fish oil is inflammatory for most
people. Instead, make a simple swap. Get
rid of those and consume
anti-inflammatory foods like saturated
fats. This is going to be butter, ghee,
beef tallow, duck fat, coconut oil.
These are healthy for your body. They
actually help you pull fat from your
organs and lower inflammation. Even
things like monounsaturated fats, which
are going to be avocado oil and olive
oil. And stay away from the foods that
have the highest contaminants when it
comes to glyphosate and pesticides.
That's going to be corn, soy, coffee
that's not organic. I'm a big fan of
coffee when it's organic, but not a fan
of non-organic coffee. And especially
things like wheat. I don't know if you
knew this, but two slices of wheat
bread, not only does it contain a lot of
chemicals like pesticides, but it also
will raise your blood sugar levels as
much as a 12 oz can of soda or even a
Snickers bar. So, the real detox is to
remove the interference and open up
those downstream detox pathways. Stop
putting garbage in and support your
liver because your liver is your body's
major detoxification organ and it's also
an important fat loss organ. The liver
is the MVP of your body, the most
valuable player. Um, and what we want to
do to support the liver is to consume
foods that contain choline, like eggs
with the yolk. Amazing for the liver. We
want to practice fasting. Heck, just
throwing in a 24-hour fast once a week
is an amazing way to pull fat from your
organs, including your liver. We want to
stay hydrated with high quality spring
water in a glass bottle. We want to move
the body and sweat. Do things like sauna
and exercise. We want to do jumping
jacks and rebounding to activate the
lymphatic system. We want to increase
our mineral intake, which supports detox
and supports the mitochondria's ability
to burn fat and produce energy. So, let
your body do what it was designed to do.
There's no need for a $300 detox
cleanse. When you remove the
interference, the innate intelligence
will go and heal. Bombshell number
three, the system doesn't want you to be
healthy. Now, let's discuss the elephant
in the room here, the sickare medical
system. And look, I'm not a cynical
person. I I'm really not. And I used to
say the system is broken. I no longer
say that. I believe the system is
running the way that it was designed.
It's a sick care system. It's a
subscription model for business. If you
were looking to be healthy, you wouldn't
buy 90% of the foods, Franken foods, you
find at the grocery store. And get this,
there are only two countries in the
entire world that allow pharmaceutical
companies to advertise on TV. Just two.
New Zealand and the United States.
Because nothing says healthy democracy
like a TV commercial that starts out
with, "Ask your doctor if this pill is
right for you."
as if your doctor's medical degree was
sponsored by Fizer or something. It's
just it's ridiculous. These TV
commercials are absolutely ridiculous.
Do you suffer from giant head syndrome?
Is your head so big it's technically its
own zip code? Try Deflatics. The only
pill to take you from Fred Flintstone to
normal human proportions. Deflatics.
Finally, a hat that fits.
And what about gas and bloating? Now,
don't you dare change your diet. Try
Explodics. Explodex works to instantly
clear the room, the building, and
possibly the zip code. Explodex, turning
every bathroom break into a hazmat
operation. And guys, this is where it
gets personal. Is your erectile
dysfunction keeping you down? Don't
jump. Try Mount Everard. The only
prescription pill strong enough to turn
your bedroom into a national park. Mount
Everard, your new safe word is
avalanche.
And look, my favorite part of all these
TV commercials are the side effects.
You've seen it. Side effects may include
cancer, emphyma, heart attack, stroke,
and sudden death. Oh my gosh, that's not
a side effect. That's an obituary. We
are being bombarded with these TV
commercials brainwashing us to believe
we need a medication, we need a surgery,
we need ompic. That's not the case. the
world's greatest physician lies within
your cells right now. The food pyramid
and the my food plate are completely
opposite of what we should be doing.
They tell you to eat grains, that means
we should eat fat. They tell you to
focus on calories, that means we should
not focus on calories. So, do the
opposite of what they're telling you to
do. And you're probably going to go down
the right path. One of my mentors said a
long time ago, be careful when you
follow the masses. Sometimes the M is
silent. And I'll give you an example of
what I mean here. When you're going to
the grocery store, you want to purchase
foods that have a single ingredient. All
right, let's think about this for a
second. When we think about potatoes or
avocados or eggs or beef and if we look
at the ingredients list, what do we see?
A single ingredient, potatoes, avocado,
eggs. But if we go and instead of buying
the whole food potato and we go to the
inner aisle and buy the processed
version, the potato chip, and then we
look at the ingredient list, what do we
see? 15, 20 ingredients, things we
cannot pronounce, franken foods. And now
it turns this whole food, single
ingredient, into a processed junk food
that creates inflammation, visceral fat,
and inflammation. That's because human
beings are the only species smart enough
to create their own food and dumb enough
to actually eat it. So a simple first
step here is eat single ingredient
foods. Once you see the game, you can
stop playing it. Shop the perimeter,
cook real food, and question every
health headline you read. Bombshell
number four, calories in versus calories
out is dead. You see, the body does not
lose weight to get healthy. We get
healthy to lose weight. And here's
something you've never heard before
unless you've been following my work.
You don't have a weight problem. You
have a weight symptom. I'm somebody who
was obese for 20 plus years in my life.
I never had a weight problem. I had a
weight symptom. The real problem is
hormones and inflammation. Focusing on
calories is a distraction. Do I believe
calories matter? Of course, they matter.
Do I think they're important? They're
not important. It doesn't give you the
full picture. It confuses you. Hormones
run the show. Insulin, for example,
which is a very important fat storage
hormone. When that's elevated, you're
not burning fat, you're storing fat.
Cortisol, which is called the stress
hormone, when that's elevated, you're
also storing fat. leptin, which is a
hormone that tells you you're full. Put
down the fork. When that's suppressed,
you're hungry all the time. So, it's not
about the calories, it's about the
hormonal response from those calories.
When you eat real food, especially on
the lower carbohydrate end, when you
keep your total carbs under 100 grams
per day, you keep insulin low. When you
increase protein and fat, you boost
leptin, the satiety fat burning hormone.
And when you focus on quality sleep and
movement, you lower your cortisol level.
So, it's about a lifestyle change, not
focusing on calories. It's a
distraction. And if you are working with
a health coach, a dietician, a
practitioner, just focusing on calories
in versus calories out, that is a huge
red flag. Bombshell number five, weight
loss is not about losing weight. I know
it sounds backwards, but hear me out.
The number on the scale is not an
important metric to track. You see, you
could lose 20 pounds and still be
inflamed, insulin resistant, and
miserable. Or you can stay the same
weight, but drop visceral fat, gain
muscle, and completely change your
health. You see, real transformation is
about healing your metabolism so your
body can burn fat again. Real
transformation is about building lean
muscle mass, which increases your body's
ability to just burn more calories
sitting on the couch. Real
transformation is balancing your
hormones so they get into the cells
effectively because you've lowered
inflammation. You see, there's a
difference between weight loss and fat
loss. They're not the same thing. When
you take ozic, for example, you're
probably going to lose some weight, but
a good percentage of that, maybe 40 to
50% will be muscle. And when you get off
Ozmpic, weight comes back, but the
muscle does not. We do not want to lose
muscle. We do not want to lose weight.
We want to lose body fat. And I'm going
to address the top questions on this
topic. Before I do, I want to share
something with you. Are you struggling
with stubborn body fat that just won't
go away? No matter what diet or workout
you try, you're not broken. You've just
been lied to. The truth is, losing body
fat isn't about eat less and move more.
It's about fixing the real root causes
your doctor never told you about. In my
free fat loss master class, better than
ompic or dieting, I'll expose the hidden
reasons your body clings to your fat and
show you the simple sciencebacked
protocols that actually torch belly fat.
No gimmicks, no pills, no ompic. If
you're tired of counting calories,
hopping from diet to diet, and still
staring at the same belly fat in the
mirror, this is the breakthrough you've
been waiting for. Claim your free spot
right now before it's too late. Click
the link in the description box below or
scan the QR code on the screen and I'll
see you there. Okay, now let's get to
your questions on this topic. If belly
fat is organ dysfunction, how do I know
if mine is visceral fat versus normal
fat under the skin? Great question. The
best way to know is going to be to test
your blood insulin levels. Insulin, as I
mentioned earlier, is a fat storage
hormone. And there's a blood test you
can take called a fasting blood insulin
test. This is different than a blood
sugar test. This is different than an
A1C test. This is a test you want to
request from your doctor. It is a blood
test where you go in 12 14 hours fasted.
They will draw blood and then they'll
give you a result. If your fasting
insulin levels are over 7, that shows
you have visceral fat. We want our
fasting insulin levels to be between
three and six. That's considered
optimal. So, if you want to know for
sure, get that test done. You might have
to pay out of pocket because insurance
doesn't cover it, but it's not an
expensive test. It's about 30 to 40
bucks here in the United States. What
are the first signs my liver or pancreas
might already be in trouble? Wonky blood
sugar levels, energy crashes after
meals, skin tags on your body, brown
patches around your neck. These are
signs that your liver and pancreas might
be in trouble. If you're doing blood
work done and you're getting liver
enzymes done like ALT, A, GGGT, if those
enzymes are elevated, that's also a sign
your liver is struggling. If the system
is rigged, what are the safest foods to
actually buy at the grocery store? I
talked about this earlier. Real whole
food, single ingredient food, especially
animal-based protein, beef, eggs,
chicken, poultry, and even avocado is
terrific. Olives, olive oil. just eat
real protein and fat single ingredient
foods. If calories aren't the focus, do
I still need to track macros or use apps
like My Fitness Pal or Chronometer? I do
recommend tracking the macronutrient
carbohydrates because we want to keep
our total carbohydrates under 100 g per
day. And if you're just guessing and not
actually tracking it, you're probably
going over that 100 g threshold. So, I
do recommend at least in the beginning
tracking the carbohydrate macronutrient
and keeping it under 100 grams total per
day. If I ditch the scale, how should I
track my fat loss progress instead?
Great question. I would recommend
tracking your body fat percentage. There
are what's called bio impedance scales
that you can buy and you just stand on
it, you hold the device, and it gives
you an idea of your body fat percentage.
It's not 100% accurate. It's maybe 92%
accurate, but it gives you an idea and
it shows you trends. So, I'd look at
body fat percentage, uh, the way your
clothes fit, maybe even do some
measurements. Those are going to be way
more accurate than the number on the
scale. Is fasting one of the best ways
to get out of your body's weight, like
you said, and how long should I fast?
Well, if you join my upcoming webinar uh
by going to meltyourfat.com or clicking
the link below or even scanning the QR
code on the screen right now, I'm going
to show you on that webinar exactly how
to fast, the best way to fast, fasting
mistakes, how to break a fast, which
helps tremendously with fat loss.
Fasting done the right way is one of the
best things you can do to lose serious
body fat. There you have it. We just
exposed the industry. You have the
bombshells, the truth. Take action.
Share this with somebody you know.
Thanks for watching. Thanks for
listening. And by the way, if you're
looking for my top 10 favorite foods
that guarantee fat loss, I just
published a video all about this. So,
I'll show you a clip from that video.
Click the video on the screen and I'll
see you in that next lesson. There are
two types of food that we eat. Foods
that cause weight gain and foods that
cause fat loss. Numerous studies show
how beneficial olive oil is not just for
your health, but for fat loss, weight
loss resistance, insulin resistance, and
also diabetes. The findings showed that
the group consuming the olive oil was
more effective.