I made a turn at a good time. I made a
turn at a good time. I turned to the
right.
Charlie couldn't believe it, actually.
He said, "How the hell did you make that
turn?" I said, "I don't know."
As President Donald Trump honored the
late Charlie Kirk with aostumous Medal
of Honor. This happened yesterday. He
decided to take a moment to reflect on
his own um survival from an
assassination attempt.
In reality, it sounded more like he was
bragging about the fact that he survived
his assassination attempt while Charlie
Kirk didn't. Maybe I'm reading too much
into this, but you judge for yourselves.
We've watched legions of far-left
radicals resort to desperate acts of
violence and terror because they know
that their ideas and arguments are
persuading no one. They know that
they're failing. They have the devil's
ideology and they're failing and they
know it. They feel it and they become
violent. They seem to become very
violent on the left.
They've rammed vehicles into federal law
enforcement, fired sniper rifles at ICE
agents and me, you know, but I was I
made a turn at a good time. I made a
turn at a good time. I turned to the
right.
Charlie couldn't believe it actually. He
said, "How the hell did you make that
turn?" I said, "I don't know.
It was luck. You didn't accomplish
something. It was literally luck. It was
luck. Like the way he's boasting about
it as if he like accomplished something.
It was luck.
And it is unfortunate beyond words that
Charlie Kirk didn't have the same luck
as President Donald Trump.
Mhm. He just can't help himself. I mean,
he just thinks he wants credit for
everything. Okay, look. this the
attempted assassination of Donald Trump
was terrible. It wouldn't have helped
anything. It was just morally heinous,
etc. And I'm glad he turned his head so
he didn't die.
But yeah, it was random. And why are you
bringing it up here? Okay.
I would not do a comparison. You're
giving him You're giving him a medal of
postumously giving him a medal of honor.
By the way, it was on Charlie Kirk's
32nd birthday.
Yeah. So, look Yeah, I know. But so, but
I know that some on the right will look
at that and go, "Guys, it's no big deal.
He's just saying he's lucky that he
didn't get hit." I I don't particular
like that part doesn't bother me as much
as the other things he said. So, you
know how they say, "Oh, it's the
Democrats rhetoric. It's the leftwing
rhetoric that's driving the violence."
Well, how about when he just called not
only the radical left, okay, you could
make there's radical right, radical
left. That's okay. All right. But he
said they have the devil's ideology.
How does that rhetoric that doesn't
drive more, you know, anger, hatred,
division, right, and potentially
violence? So, I'm not saying shut him
down. I'm not saying shut down anyone on
the left or the right. But let's note
for the record that I don't see any
Democrats going, the Republicans are
working with Satan and you should do
something. Come on, guys. It's too much.
I'm going to actually I'm so glad this
came up because I'm going to issue an
apology. Um,
in the past, I mean, it's been a few
years, but in the past, I definitely
would cite rhetoric from right-wing
pundits, commentators, whatever, and
blame them for something terrible a
vicious and violent person carried out.
And no, I was wrong. And the reason why
I was wrong is because I don't think
it's it's right to hinder the speech or
suppress the speech of anybody because
some unhinged person decided to carry
out an act of violence.
You know, I don't know if you saw it,
Anna, but I did the same thing on Piers
Morgan. So, when we were u discussing
Charlie Kirk after he'd been
assassinated, I said, you know, they
kept saying, "Would they demand an
apology?" Apology for what? I was the
only left-wing guy invited to Charlie's
conference. Apology for what? Right.
Dave Rubin was trying some sort of
stupid dumbass trick. I did see that as
he always does. And I said, "No, no, I
only have one apology. I don't apologize
for any disagreements I had with Charlie
Kirk. I also don't apologize for any
agreements I had with Charlie Kirk."
Okay. So, what I do apologize for is I I
did the same thing as you that like,
hey, Tucker Carlson said this and the
Fox News said that and that's driving
people to do to take violent action and
they should be careful with their words.
No, everybody's responsible for their
own actions. Okay?
Unless you're literally inciting
violence, right?
Yeah. Unless you're saying, "Hey,
there's Bob. Go get Bob." Right? Or by
the way, you'll please try not to say,
"Hey, there's ex people. go get them
like a group of people either, right?
But so it's not a good thing to say. So
Trump here with calling the the left uh
you know saying that the left has the
devil's ideology is not helpful
language. At the same time I wouldn't
shut him down and don't like so okay so
he thinks that but the one thing that is
very fair to ask is don't then come at
me and say only the Democrats or only
the left uses bad language about the
other side. Come on guys.
Exactly. I mean, we got eyes and ears.
Trump's been doing this for 10 straight
years. Every time you ring the bell
below, an angel gets his wings. Totally
not true, but it does keep you updated
on our live shows.