A peace deal. Israel and Hamas have
agreed to a peace deal is what you are
being told. And I'm going to discuss why
I'm skeptical, including an incredible
detail from this peace deal that really
deserves a hell of a lot more attention.
And it's something I have discussed
before, but in terms of how this entire
conflict has been framed, it has
completely been lost in the discussion.
So, let me first get to what Netanyahu
is saying about Donald Trump since he
has brokered this incredible peace deal.
Netanyahu, who is facing an ICC arrest
warrant for war crimes, says that Donald
Trump should get the Nobel Peace Prize.
I'm not sure if the Nobel Pri peace
prize committee takes under advisement
anyone under an ICC arrest warrant for
war crimes, but uh I mean, we'll see
what happens there. Worth noting as
Times of Gaza writes here, Israel has
dropped about 200,000 tons of explosives
on Gaza since October 7th, equivalent to
nearly 13 Hiroshima bombs. And you can
see the complete shift here from what
Gaza used to be with residential
buildings to just complete bombardment.
And I'm sure you've seen in videos like
this as well, flythroughs that almost
look like,
you know, a Mars landing, just complete
destruction
for miles and miles and miles.
Now, before this peace deal was
announced and before the detail and I'm
going to get to uh is even really
publicized,
people's opinions have completely
shifted from where this phase of the
conflict from October 7th began. So,
here's a quick clip from CNN's Harry
Anton.
This war caused a historic shift in
public opinion on how Americans view the
Middle East conflict. What are we
talking about here? who voter sympathize
more with the Israelis or the
Palestinians. Back in October of 2023,
it was the Israelis by 48 points. Look
at this shift. Now, we're talking about
the Palestinians by a point. I looked
back at every single poll that I could
possibly find since this question was
first asked in the 1980s. This is the
first time ever in which the
Palestinians had any sort of lead on
this particular question. It is very
clear that this war caused a historic
shift away from the Israeli position in
the Middle East conflict and towards the
Palestinians when it comes to who
Americans and voters sympathize with.
This of course was led by Democrats
because what are we talking about? We
went from Democrats favoring the
Israelis by 26 points to the
Palestinians by 46 points. That is a
shift, John, quick math in my head of
over 70 percentage points. Well, we
often talk about by age within the
Democratic party, but what about by age
within the Republican ranks who
Republicans sympathize more with? You
see a massive huge age divide. Those 50
and over, what we see amongst
Republicans is they sympathize more with
the Israelis by 66 points. But look at
the voters under the age of 50. They do
sympathize with the Israelis, but just
by 25 points, we're talking about a
40point difference with the youngest
Republicans being far more sympathetic
to the Palestinian position than older
Republicans are.
That's a huge gap right there. Let's
just say that
that is a huge gap and I think it's
going to be very interesting to see how
the Republican party adjusts going
forward.
All right, the news of the ceasefire
deal, the possible return of all Israeli
hostages. What's likely to be the
reaction to that?
Yeah, I think Americans are really going
to like it. And why do I say that?
Because just look at the polling.
permanent Israeli Hamas ceasefire that
is negotiating one highly important that
is extremely or very important 51% of
Americans and then you see somewhat
important 31% over 80% of Americans said
the idea of negotiating a ceasefire
permanent one was at least somewhat
important so the bottom line is I think
a lot of Americans are really going to
like this
they want this over here
all right a couple things on this I like
Harry Anton he seems like a good person
he backed the Jay's over the Yankees
good man it's not a war it's a genocide
That's why the opinion shifted so much.
People realized what was actually
happening. Only one side has a military.
How is this a war when one side is
bombing the other side and the other
side is not bombing the other? It's been
two years of bombardment on Gaza. No
Israelis have been killed since October
7th. So, I'm trying to understand how
this is a a a war. But that aside, at
the end there, they say, you know,
Americans are looking forward to uh the
end of this. They want this over. This
can never truly be over until the people
that perpetrated the genocide are in the
H. You can't oversee the complete
destruction of Gaza, the murder of over
100,000 people. Some estimates put over
two 300,000 people. Of course, many more
than that injured, the complete
decimation of the livelihoods of these
people, the buildings. You can't do all
of that. Sign a peace deal and expect
everything's fine. No, this is not truly
over until Palestinians have
self-determination,
have the ability to actually live their
lives in peace and with equal rights.
That is the only way this is actually
truly over. And that sort of project is
going to take years because it doesn't
happen overnight. But on this peace
deal, let's break down and get to what I
find to be the most
uh eye opening aspect of this,
especially if you're not aware of this.
But so they signed the first phase of
this this peace deal and um
as uh BBC writes here, the Israeli
Israeli cabinet is due to discuss the
plan. So they're going to meet to
approve the Gaza ceasefire deal. Donald
Trump says Israeli hostages could be
released on Monday or Tuesday. Israel's
cabinet and security cabinet are widely
expected to approve the ceasefire deal
today, although the meeting has been
delayed. Ceasefire in God will begin
within 24 hours of cabinet approval, an
Israeli government spokeswoman says. All
right, so they are on the verge of
approving this.
This is really worth highlighting here.
This is the the element of this that I
feel like has been lost in this entire
discussion. Under Trump's framework,
Israel would release 250 Palestinian
prisoners serving life sentences and
some 1,700 people detained from Gaza
since October 7th, including all women
and children who were detained.
These are hostages
that have been held by Israel.
All these discussions we have heard for
two years uh Hamas has to release the
hostages which by the way they've
already agreed to in other peace deals
several times that Netanyahu him himself
has turned down.
We never hear about the people that
Israel has been holding which are in
much greater numbers than who is being
held in Gaza.
So children specifically, there are more
children being held, more Palestinian
children being held by Israel than there
are hostages total being held in Gaza.
This piece from November 2023, why does
Israel have so many Palestinians in
detention and available to swap? So they
break down all of it. Again, I'll link
this below the video in case you want to
read read through the piece, but I want
to focus on the child aspect of this.
The majority have never been convicted
of a crime. This speaking of all the
people held by Israel, including more
than 2,000 of them being held in
administrative detention, which in which
Israel, the Israeli military detains a
person without charge or trial. So these
they hold these Palestinians for no
reason. They have no reason. They just
kidnap them off the street and they keep
them held behind bars. Israeli
authorities have held children, human
rights defenders, and Palestinian
political activists. So I want to be
clear, it's not no reason. These are
people that in some cases children who
threw stones, human rights defenders who
are speaking out against the Israeli
government. Same with Palestinian
activists. So they have committed the
crime of trying to stand up for human
rights or throwing a stone at their
oppressors. This has been enough for
them to keep human rights defenders,
children, activists, and on children
specifically. So, Israeli civil law
protects children against nighttime
arrests, provides the right to have a
parent present during interrogations,
and limits the amount of time children
may be detained before being able to
consult a lawyer and to be presented
before a justice. Israeli authorities,
however, regularly arrest Palestinian
children during nighttime raids,
interrogate them without a guardian
present, hold them for longer periods
before bringing them before a judge, and
hold those as young as 12 in lengthy
pre-trial detention. there's a separate
set of rights whether you are an Israeli
child or a Palestinian child.
Now this from the uh Defense for
Children International
there their uh data here 360 Palestinian
children are detained in Israeli prisons
as of June 30th the latest data
available from the Israel Prison Service
which is the highest number since early
2016.
147 children or 41% of the total are
held in administrative detention without
charge or trial. These are numbers we
simply do not hear discussed on a wide
scale. When we are discussing when media
is discussing the hostages, when
politicians are mentioning the host,
they're not talking about these
Palestinian children being held in
Israel.
That for for some reason that never
enters the equation. That never enters
their discussion. of this entire
conflict and what has actually been
going on with the apartheid that has
existed long before October 7th and
continues to exist.
So just to give you you know an extra
point on that this is back during CO
from UNICEF in light of COVID 19 crisis
UN officials call for immediate release
of all children in detention including
Palestinian children. So kids are being
held long before October 7th. This has
been an ongoing thing that the Israeli
government has been doing. Their
statement here, we are seriously
concerned over the continued detention
of Palestinian children by Israeli
authorities. At the end of March, they
mentioned 194 Palestinian children were
detained by the Israeli authorities in
prisons and detention centers. So,
it's just it's worth just recognizing
how
different lives are given different
value.
If you are
if you're not Palestinian,
your life is viewed as important.
But if you are a Palestin, even a
Palestinian child,
your life is not viewed as important as
an Israeli hostage. A Palestinian child
hostage being held in Israel, their life
clearly, according to how politicians
speak on this, according to how the
media speaks on this generally, their
life is not as valuable as an Israeli
adult being held in Gaza.
I tend to think all human life should be
treated equally. Ryan Grim here. 22
miners under the age of 18, residents of
the Gaza Strip who were not involved in
the events of October 7th and were
arrested after the massacre. So these
are child hostages that were snatched up
by the Israeli government will be
released. Why were these children
snatched in the first place? These are
the lives the people that we never hear
about in the discussions in the usual
discussions around this conflict.
Now this this is an ongoing occurrence.
If you have been following how Israel
reacts to peace deals or ceasefires,
this is what they do every single time
and they just get away with it and
nothing's ever spoken. It's never spoken
about again. Israeli tanks fired
directly at civilians on Al- Rashid
Street while the latter were trying to
return to northern Gaza. This is after
the peace deal was agreed upon again but
not not taken up by the Knesset. So it
isn't it isn't official official yet but
they agreed upon the peace deal and they
use this this time in between the the
agreement and the actual uh taking in or
um governmental agreement of the peace
deal. They use this this gap in time to
bomb as much as they can. Israeli
fighter jets have bombed western Gaza
city, attacking a house while forces uh
detonated an armed vehicle near homes in
the cyber neighborhood. Again, as Adam
Johnson writes here, every time there's
a truce, Israel escalates their bombing
of starving people in tents up up until
the last second, and it's just something
everyone in US media either ignores or
acknowledges, but shrugs off as a
personality quirk.
Examples: Back in March, ceasefire
shatters as Israel pounds Gaza with wave
of deadly strikes.
This is from January. Israel ramps up
deadly air strikes on Gaza after
ceasefire deal ceasefire deal is reached
to show you there. January 17th. Another
one. December last year. Israel has
violated uh Lebanon ceasefire 100 times
in just the first week. This is
something they do consistently.
and
the US, the UK,
Europe, Canada, all just turn their
heads and move on. It it's
it's so frustrating to watch how uneven
this this conflict has been, this
genocide has been in in how it's been
discussed by world leaders. Again, I
want to be clear, not all world leaders.
As we saw at the UN, a lot of countries
came out and spoke out against what
Israel's been doing and have been very
clear about that. But Israel's allies,
I mean, I guess it's in the in the name
allies, they are not willing to
discuss in an honest way what has
actually been going on because they use
is or they they try to use Israel to
their advantage. The reality is Israel
is using them to continue their
genocide. Owen Jones is writing here.
Israeli hostage negotiator says, quote,
"What we should know is that this deal
could have been done a long time ago.
Hamas agreed to all of the same terms in
September 2024, but at that point, the
response of the Israeli negotiators was
that Prime Minister Netanyahu did not
agree to end the war. Case in point,
there's been several examples of this
actually. So, November 2023, Netanyahu
rejected a ceasefire for hostages deal.
This is the September one that was
mentioned there. Netanyahu derailed a
potential Gaza hostage deal in July.
Israeli newspaper reports. And there's
another example of that as well. As um
Hamas official told Al Jazzer, "The
Israeli occupation is trying to
manipulate the schedules, lists, and
some of the agreed upon steps of the
ceasefire agreement. The occupation must
abide by what was agreed. We call on the
mediators to pressure them." So th this
is
I want to remain hopeful. Like I I want
to be hopeful, but how can I possibly
not be skeptical based on how we have
seen the Israeli government act? If you
enjoyed this video, please hit like and
subscribe and check out some of the
other videos I have on this channel.