Perplexity AI is no longer
just an AI search engine.
It's now an AI agent.
Perplexity Comet.
The AI browser not just finds information,
but really executes the task for you.
So in this video, I'll share the 10
agents you can use with Perplexity
Comet, from research prospecting, leads
monitoring content brief, and a lot more.
Let's go.
So you can use Comet two ways
after you install the applications.
First, the main chat window it
is good when you need to run more
complex, multi-step agentic tasks.
The second way is through the
assistant sidebar, so it's
perfect for quick contextual
tasks within your current webpage.
Okay, the first one, a live marketing
intelligence agent, I called it
live, is because compared analysis
often means drowning in tabs and
manually copying data into files.
So this agents can analyze multiple
competitor sites, live simultaneously
and extract the key insights.
So, for example, I'm doing a live
competitor analysis for Gamma, so
I have the Gamma website and the
other competitor website open.
What makes Comet so cool is that
it can retrieve all the context
across different browser tab,
and that means I can just type in
the prompt and ask it to do the
analysis for the open tabs, and not
just the homepage, but also dig into
all the key pages in the process.
Then it will follow because it's an agent.
So it's amazing that it's performing
all the live analysis for you, browsing
all the competitive pages, and you
can always double check the little
screenshot here to open it up so
you know which page it is analyzing.
And this process will save you lots of
time that used to take hours and now it
can just take as quick as 15 minutes.
And what's more we can now
ask it to create this report
into new Google document.
Because even on perplexity you
can just export to word document.
But now with Comet, you can
literally export any research
findings to your Google workspace
when you have linked up the account.
Now you might be concerned
about the privacy issue.
I'll cover that at the end of this video.
The next one is a research
agent, and this is a big one.
We all know the pain of research, dozens
of cluttered tabs, and information chaos.
So I will show you how Comet can turn
that mess into an organized workspace,
letting the agent read everything that
wants to deliver the powerful insights.
So usually when we do research,
we have so many tabs open
and they look very cluttered.
So a cool way is to ask perplexity to
group relevant tabs into what it calls a
dedicated workspace as it can understand
the context for all the open tabs.
Or you can just ask it to assign any
open tabs in the relevant workspace so
you can make everything so organized.
And to resume any research
project, just pick the workspace
again from the navigation bar.
So this is very handy.
Another thing I like is that when you
are in the research workspace, so you let
it read and analyze all the open pages.
So like in this case, I asked it
to identify the top three to five
common themes across these sources
and implication or anything so
it can save you lots of time like
navigating different open tabs.
And here is a bonus.
So you can click here to save this
prompt into a shortcut command
with your defined instruction.
So you can even pick the
search mode and models.
So every time you can just type this
command and it will execute for you.
So if you need a full list of my command
cheat sheet, so go check out my community.
Another bonus is fact checking.
Oftentimes, when you are researching, reading articles, you see different claims
and what makes Comet useful is you can just copy the text,
and then ask the agent to do an initial fact check for you.
That's super helpful to save you lots of time,
and you even combine it with a shortcut command.
So perplexity is especially good at
doing real time search or finding
timely source so we can build a new
synthesizer agent that finds the most
important weekly news and automatically
update your central database and
make sure everything is automated.
So let's say I have this notion database
called Weekly AI SEO news that is used
to store different AI SEO news update.
Then I can just ask Perplexity Comet to
find me the top five most important AI
SEO news from the past week and help me
to update to this notion and this time we
can even try using the deep research mode.
And it is really cool to see.
It is researching and updating
the Notion database for you
entering each of the news item.
So within 10 minutes you can have this
structured news database sorted by date,
And it doesn't have to be news item.
It can be any findings that
are useful for your projects.
And this is helpful if you want
to repurpose the content or have a
newsletter that capture the latest trend
where you can consolidating everything
in one knowledge hub like this.
And you can even set up a schedule task to
have it run on a weekly basis and it will
pop up the building task creator for you.
So this way you are fully maximizing the
automation power of the perplexity agent.
So staying informed is one thing, but
what if we can now shifting from consuming
information to generating opportunities?
So here we can have a leads monitoring
agent, so it will source forums for high
intent question and automatically emails
you a summaries of qualified leads.
Let's say I run an SEO
agency or service business.
So I can just set up this task for
perplexity agent to ask it to search
the relevant subreddit for high intent
SEO question in the past seven days
and to give the criteria what signals
the Agent should look for, which
should be all signal the buying intent.
And then summarize the lead
details and send an email to me.
So the agent is doing his job digging
through the reddit forums and filtering
thread according to our defining criteria.
So it says it found two qualified leads
and seek my approval to send an email.
So you can just hit send and
then immediately you will
receive this email with.
All the details like the post name,
the Pain Point, the rationale why this
is a qualified with the source link.
Of course, you can take a step further
to also let the agent to draft a
reply and post it for you, but I would
highly prefer just do it yourself
and really provide genuine advice.
And now the best thing is you
can just schedule this task
to run on a weekly basis.
So it is just like a mini lead monitor
engine that help you to look for
high intent leads or conversation
or Reddit or whatever platforms
that you want and to take action.
Or you can just use it to track
your brand mentions as well.
So this is definitely one of the
best agent use case you should try.
Okay.
Finding a high intent lead is a great
start, but we need to act on that.
So the next agent idea is a sales
prospecting agent that find potential
companies that match your ideal customer
profile and draft the hyper personalized
outreach email directly in your mailbox.
So the first way is let Comet to
find a list of prospecting companies
for your outreaching process.
So you provide the criteria about the
ideal companies that you want to work for.
Like in this case is e-commerce business
and their revenue growth, growth
hiring signals, company size, and ask
Perplexity Agent to collect relevant
details and the source to focus on.
So for this case, I want it to focus on
company sites or job board, like Indeed.
So now the agent would trigger the search
and filter those companies that match
the criteria, which is something only
an agent could do, and then identify
the potential companies to reach out to.
Note, I didn't ask it to collect emails
as I found it can be difficult for
Comet to grab the right email for now.
So instead you can use LinkedIn
Sales Navigator or Apollo
to find the verified emails.
Another way Comet can help is once I
identify the contact list, so I can just
tag it for the agent and then have it
draft the personalized email by doing the
research, which can take a lot of time.
And then the email formula that I provide.
And the coolest things is that you can
just ask it to save this email as a new
draft on your Gmail so they are ready
for your final approval and sending.
So imagine if you have 10 to 20 of
them so you can use the same method
and streamline the whole process.
So targeted outreach is effective, but
the best marketing comes from deeply
understanding your target audience.
So we can turn Comet into an audience
research agent and have it dig through
social media for real customer pain
points for your marketing assets building.
So let say I'm an agency owner and I want
to understand what are the small business
owner challenges when building a website.
So I can turn Comet into an audience
research agent and really navigate to
Reddit or YouTube for real audience
quote about their challenges.
So you can see Comet is browsing
the sub-reddit sites, doing
the actual searching on Reddit.
Analyzing each thread, which is
why we need an agent, and this
is super cool to see Perplexity
Agent is really digging through the
comment section on YouTube as well.
And this used to end up lots of
time or you need to set up an API.
So now it generate all the real audience
quotes for you with the category and with
the top three pain points identified.
So you can just download and.
Import it back to Google Sheets,
which I found is better for now.
And then you can take this analysis
for all the strategy actions like
creating your messaging, blanket
offerings, persona profiles a bonus is
Now you can even take this audience
research and switch to Perplexity
Labs and then ask it to build
the html landing page for you.
And so the language is used.
We really resonating with
your target audience.
So once you know your audience pain
points, you need to create content
that answer that question, and every
marketers know now is AI search,
especially Google, a MO is a big one.
So how perplexity common
agent can help that.
Lemme show you.
So, for example, I can go to Google
AI Mode and then ask Perplexity agent
to analyze the AI search results for
me about the pattern that I observe,
or any best practice we should follow
from those top cited AI search results.
So in this case, it is
"AI for small business".
And I think that is one of the
best ways to use Perplexity agent.
Because even on ChatGPT agent, it
has no access to Google AI Mode.
And you can see it is smart enough to
expand all the cited search results
and dig through them one by one.
So this save you lot of time analyzing
yourself and do to reverse engineering
and then it comes up with a detailed
analysis about what are the common
patterns with these search results.
And we can even ask it to generate the
SEO content brief for this topic so I
can pass it to the team to follow up.
And now you can repeat the same process
for any high intent search queries for AI
search, and it will save you tons of time.
And not just for content
brief or analysis.
You can just give a list of prompts
or queries to perplexity and have
it monitored the top AI search
results for you on schedule.
And this will be a big cost saver.
As marketers, we all know that the AI
one tracker can be expensive nowadays.
We have covered lots of agent ideas,
but one is really important is
conversion optimization as it would
directly impact your bottom line.
So let's build an agent to identify
all the frictions in your sales funnel,
but instead of just giving some big
prompts, there is a better approach.
So let's say we are doing a conversation
optimization audit for this health
supplement e-commerce brand.
So I already have this process document
about how to perform the audit with
step by step, what step to take, and
with all the details from product
discovery all the way to checkout flow.
Now on Perplexity Comet, I can
just reference back this process
document in the open tab and ask it
to follow it when doing the auditing.
And then to repeat the
same for competitors.
So this will save you lots of time
because imagine you just need to create
any process, document once, and then you
can just ask the agent to follow that.
So it is following the instructions
in the process document to search
for the specific product and add
to the cart, and repeating the
same for all the competitors.
And then it will give you really
detailed analysis, what are the identify
issues across different buying journey
for you and the competitors, and to
propose the five top priority fix.
So this is perfect, and if you
want, you can even ask it to
build a presentation as well.
And I would say this is not just work
for e-commerce, it can also be used
for any websites with a sales funnel,
like a SaaS business, Service business,
or even just a personal website.
Now, sometimes your project
might need partners or you might
need more right people to grow.
So we can let perplexity be a talent
sourcing agent and search a live job
platforms using your detailed criteria.
And this will be a huge time saver.
And the concept is not just for talent
sourcing, it can also be used in finding
service providers, guest speaker as well.
So, for example, I'm looking
for an overseas talent that's
specialized in SEO, and it can be
any role that you're looking for.
And I know online jobs.ph is well
known for searching different
online marketing specialists.
So this is a great use case of Perplexity
agent, so toggle the Assistant, and
then ask it to find 10 qualified
candidates with the specified criteria,
like years of experience, tools,
proficiency, skills salary expectation.
So basically you will list every
important criteria for your project.
So the agent will start doing the heavy
lifting for you, and this process usually
take a lot of time and it's amazing
that Perplexity agent, is trying to
dig through each profile details and
see if that's a good match and help
me to find the qualified candidates.
So finally it helps me to identify
the 10 qualified candidate profiles
with a ranked summary table, and I can
click on each one to read the details
or to take the follow-up actions.
Of course you can even ask the agent to
contact the candidate on your behalf.
But for now, I still prefer
contacting myself with this
kind of high stack action.
And you can even ask the agent to expand
the search to find if these candidates
are active on social media or having a
personal site to gauge their culture fit.
Another big one that most people
need is an executive assistant agent.
So we can connect comments to your
Google Workspace and have it act as
an executive assistant researching
your prospects, schedule meetings
or handle all those admin tasks.
So one of the immediate useful way is to
ask perplexity to prepare you for meeting.
As oftentimes, you may have
external meetings with prospect
or vendors or partners.
So just ask perplexity to check your
calendar for external meetings, and
researching each company or person,
their background, key people, recent
updates, so the agent will compile
everything into Google document
with each company in separate tabs.
And it summarize what they do.
Recent news, key executives and
conversation starters, so you are
fully prepared for your meetings.
Another way is scheduling.
So let's say I want to find the
top 10 marketing conferences
happening in the next six months.
So I can ask the agent to first search
for these events and then take that list
and add each one to my calendar with
the title, location, and description.
So it would prompt me to approve each
event creation, so I can review them
one by one, or you can just ask it to
schedule directly with the approval.
Then each event will be added to
your calendar with the event link.
And these are just two of them.
So there are really lots of
other admin tasks you can ask
perplexity agent to do for you.
Now I know privacy is a big hesitation
when it comes to Perplexity AI browser.
I think first we all need to understand
that for an AI browser to be useful
and effective, it needs context from
your browsing, and that means it has to
access to certain extent of your data.
Though I can see that perplexity Comet
does collect more data by default, but
there are ways you can minimize this risk.
So first, you can adjust the
settings to make sure Comet is not
sending your search data or use
your data to improve the product.
And also block sensitive sites access
like bank account, client portals.
And second, which is my top
recommendation, is to create a
completely separated Google account and
only use it for non-sensitive tasks.
Like in this video, the
account is completely isolated
from my sensitive data.
I know it's not ideal, but this way
you can ensure complete data isolation.
If you enjoy this video, please
give me a thumbs up so more
people can see this message.
I also invite you to join my community.
You get access to all the prompts
I share on this channel and
all the exclusive workshops.
And before you go, also watch
this video about perplexed labs
if you're a big fan of perplexity.
See you next time.