This might be one of the most
controversial videos on this channel.
We're going to talk about one of the
largest investment classes out there.
We're going to talk about an investment
class that has a lot of allocation by
the richest people on this planet like
Warren Buffett. And we're going to
expose how that investment class is
actually a scam. The topic of this video
is how the US bond market is distorting
all asset classes. That kind of
distortion also led into the creation of
Bitcoin. It has very farreaching
effects. Now, here's the official
narrative. What we see in green, that's
the officially measured inflation rate
since 1972.
What we see in red, that's the target
interest rate. And there is a connection
here, as in when there's a lot of
inflation, there tends to be also my
interest that's getting paid. When
there's less inflation, then the
interest rate is coming down. And for
the last years roughly 25 to 30 years we
have seen more inflation than interest
rate. In other words there was real
monetary purchasing power loss by buying
into bonds. Now we can calculate the
delta. Then we get this. This is now the
interest rate minus the inflation rate.
And while this wasn't the best deal in
the last 25 years, if you look at this
historically, the average real interest
rate was 1.1%
for government bonds. So the official
narrative is that when we lend money to
the US government, we should be getting
more purchasing power over time. We
should be making a profit. That profit
is called the real risk-free rate. And
it's one of the reasons why pension
funds, etc. allocate towards US
government bonds long term. But this
story is false. Government bonds burn
money. They don't create any real
return. And this is what forces the
broad masses into risk investing. That's
why property is so expensive. That's why
tech stocks are so expensive. And that's
why Bitcoin gets all of its adoption. If
there was an investment vehicle that has
long-term real returns where we actually
make money without any risk, then people
would simply just park their money
there. And it was the official story of
US government bonds. But now less and
less people believe the story. When we
average out the interest rate over the
last 50 years, we got nominally a return
of 5.4%
peranom. It's currently less than the
historical average, but still that's the
official narrative. But then
interestingly enough, the monetary base
is expanding faster than that. It's
going up on average by 6.8%
every year. So the supply of something
is increasing faster than the return
that we are getting. And that's a
fundamental problem. That's why there is
no real return. The base is growing
faster than the return. So the bond
holder is long-term getting diluted away
from their purchasing power. Now,
Bitcoin intended to solve this, and to a
degree it does, and we're going to talk
about this in a second. But what I find
interesting is that the crypto market as
a whole, besides Bitcoin, actually does
the exact same thing, just on an
accelerated manner. Have a look at a
random altcoin here, for example, Dydx.
We've got a staking program. So, people
are incentivized to stake their tokens
in order to get a return. But then at
the same time, we see how the supply
expands over time. Now it expands here
at a much quicker rate compared to the
fiat monetary base but still it's going
up. So people are incentivized to lock
up their purchasing power to stake it so
that then the team and the early
investors they can dump on those
stakers. They can take out the value
from the system. And so the exact same
thing is happening with the fiat
currency system as in people are
incentivized to stake their dollars to
invest into bonds and they do get a
return but the return isn't as quick
compared to the expansion of the tokens
of the number of US dollars that are
floating. So who's benefiting from this?
All the people that actually get those
new tokens. So in crypto, that's the
early investors and the team in the fiat
world, that's everybody that's taking on
debt. So that's fundamentally how the
monetary base expands over time, right?
Everybody that buys a house and takes
out a mortgage and potentially pays very
low financing costs for that. Those
people that tend to get their debt
devalued over time. And if the financing
cost is lower than 6.8% perom, then
that's a profitable business. The masses
see their purchasing power eroded.
Everybody that has plain cash of course
loses massively. But even the bond
holders, they lose over time again by
that delta. The delta of whatever
currently the interest rate is. And
historically it's 5.4%
relative to the monetary expansion which
is 6.8%.
So even the bond holders they lose 1.4%
in purchasing power every single year.
Now we have to be a bit more precise
here what we mean by purchasing power
because there is of course the official
inflation rate and that inflation rate
measures consumer prices. Now consumer
prices on the base of it tend to
actually be deflationary over time
because there is technological progress.
We do get more efficient over time. It's
easier and easier to produce that TV to
produce that phone to produce whatever
consumer good. And because of that
technological progress, if we had a
stable monetary base, the prices of
those things would actually go down very
very rapidly. But because the monetary
base is expanding by 6.8%, we do see
consumer prices going up by only 3.1%.
And so many altcoins are just the exact
same thing on steroids, right? We stake,
we get an expanding supply, and then of
course the value of that thing to the
benchmark goes down. And this is now
Dydx relative to Bitcoin. But the exact
same thing can also be used for the fiat
ecosystem. Now, we always have to think
about what's a realistic benchmark,
right? For DYDX, because it's a
cryptocurrency, we could look at
Bitcoin. For the fiat ecosystem, maybe
we could look at other forms of money.
So, here's the value of $1 relative to
gold. Or here's the value of $1 relative
to the S&P 500. or here's the value of
$1 relative to the average house. So
this is now the house price index over
the last 35 years. This here is the
global financial crisis when the US
dollar actually gained against houses.
And so I believe most people haven't
really understood what this means. When
we lose our money by investing into the
risk-free asset, if we lose our
purchasing power long-term, we are
forced to invest into something that
keeps its value to a degree. And that's
why I believe all asset classes are
going up over time. This is not
investing. This is not making money.
This is just preserving purchasing
power. Now, Satoshi Nakamoto saw this.
Bitcoin was created at the height of the
global financial crisis. This is the S&P
500 relative to the money supply. So,
first we saw the com bubble burst. Then
we saw the global financial crisis. And
this is where Bitcoin was born. So
throughout Bitcoin's existence, we never
really saw a real crisis. And so Bitcoin
maxis, they say that Bitcoin solves
this. Now this is already true for all
the other asset classes, right? Gold to
a degree solves this as well. Property
solves this as well. Stocks solve this
as well. Bitcoin is just another option
to buy something that doesn't devalue
over time. But there is the same problem
as with other asset classes. We do have
our volatility. Now, the great thing
about Bitcoin's volatility is that it
tends to be not that correlated to the
traditional finance ecosystem. Recently,
the correlation is going up, but
especially in the early days, Bitcoin
had very little correlation to
traditional finance. And so, it was a
good addition to protect ourselves
against the continuous devaluation of
the US dollar. Now, the reason why
Bitcoin still outperforms most other
asset classes long-term is not because
of its volatility. Altcoins also have a
low volatility. It's just because of the
long-term adoption, as in the supply is
getting stacked away faster and faster.
Here is the Bitcoin that has not moved
for the last 5 years. And it tends to be
a growing fraction of the entire supply.
Because of that, even the theoretical
supply expansion of BTC through the
Bitcoin mining is not really a problem.
We see continuous purchases through the
ETFs and through the treasury companies
and more and more Bitcoin gets lost. And
so Bitcoin really is the hardest of the
monies. It expands in supply only by
0.84% perom. That's less than what
Bitcoin has. It's obviously also much
less than what fiat currencies have. Now
both the altcoin market, but also the
fiat currency system is inherently
unfair because there are a few insiders
that understand the system that take
away value from all the rest. And thus
over time we tend to see more and more
capital concentration. Now there can
only be that much capital concentration
until the system breaks. For example, as
the debt to GDP ratio grows further and
further, more and more of the tax income
has to be paid to the people that own
the bonds. Now the bond holders, they
don't really make any money, but they do
get more and more of the supply
expansion. And so what happens over time
is as the capital concentrates more and
more there's more pressure to expand the
fiat currency base even further. And
then the question is what's going to
happen? Who is actually going to lose
their money? I'm currently reading the
book broken money by Lynn Alden. I can
very much recommend that book. It goes
through the history. It goes through
what actually happens as the nature of
money changes over time. Now the problem
is as capital concentrates further and
further political tension tends to rise
as well and that then leads to political
changes. Those political changes can
include taking away the assets from the
people that have it. There was a time
where it was illegal to own hard money,
where it was illegal to own physical
gold. It was illegal because it couldn't
get taxed as easily. Right? For the
people that own a house, we can simply
increase property tax. For the people
that own stocks, we can also just
increase taxes on gains. But for gold,
it's not possible. And so that's why I
think it's very very important to own
the Bitcoin in self custody, to own this
via a hardware wallet and not just via
an ETF. Yes, short-term owning an ETF
might make sense just to get some price
exposure, but who knows what happens
when political times get very difficult.
We don't really know what kind of laws
will get passed in order to reduce
capital concentration. The easiest way
to distribute some wealth and reduce
capital concentration is to just print
more US dollars, thus taking away all
the capital from the bond holders. But
it might not stop there. We could also
see a big change in home ownership laws
or in laws regarding gold or in laws
regarding cryptocurrency as well. So
really, it's best to just set up custody
for any allocation that's very
long-term. Don't trust a third party.
Don't trust a potential single point of
failure that could be attacked by the
government. Besides all the medium and
short-term price movements, it's also
always interesting to see what happens
long-term. What kind of assets can we
actually hold over the years? Because
once we know that, we know what to do
during times of potential selloff. I
think for example that there's no
question that Bitcoin long-term will
appreciate in US dollars. Have a look at
the percent of Bitcoin supply that has
not moved in the last 5 years. This
fraction tends to increase long-term
over time. So there's less and less
Bitcoin that's available for active
trading. At the same time, we see more
and more Bitcoin getting purchased by
the Treasury companies and we've got the
ETFs on top of that. So, one might argue
that roughly 30% of Bitcoin supply is in
the diamond hands or it's completely
lost at least. Net this chart is
unlikely going to go down significantly.
We've got more than 5% in the hands of
the Treasury companies and we've got
roughly 7% of the supply held by the
ETFs. So, that means more than 40% of
Bitcoin supply is in the hands of
entities that tend to just stack away
their Bitcoin over time. All of those
curves tend to go up over time. They
tend to not go down. And again, this
reduces supply. This increases the
value. Yes, there is Bitcoin mining of
0.83%
perom, but that mining is much slower
compared to the rate of lost bitcoin or
of accumulated bitcoin through the
treasury companies or through the ETFs.
And so this is where crypto and
especially Bitcoin differentiates itself
from other asset classes. For many other
asset classes, we see as prices go up
that it's mainly the short-term investor
that wants to make a quick buck. But we
can see with the Bitcoin rally from
recently 16K to above 100K that it's the
long-term holders that tend to just
accumulate over time that are causing
the rally. So that's what we want,
right? you want that the people that buy
an asset, they're not selling it anymore
in the future, at least in aggregate.
And this is, I believe, what we see with
Bitcoin. And so, I don't think it's a
real question whether or not Bitcoin
will appreciate in the future,
especially versus the US dollar, because
the US dollar has an expanding supply.
It tends to grow by roughly 6.8% perom.
So, this is USM2. This is official
numbers by the Federal Reserve. If we
look at the money supply in 1959 and
compare this with the money supply
today, within 60 years, the monetary
base expanded by 77x which is an annual
growth of 6.8%.
Which by the way is the majority of the
return of the stock market as well. Most
of the stock market return is just
monetary debasement. And so when Bitcoin
becomes more and more rare over time
because of those entities and the fiat
base grows more and more then the most
straightforward approach would be to
simply use the same kind of investment
tactics that we have for other asset
classes. Right? For the stock market for
example we've got our savings plans, our
401ks or for property we've got our
mortgage payments where again we pay in
regularly with our cash flow. We can do
the same for Bitcoin. For Bitcoin it's
typically called dollar cost averaging.
So, for example, if we buy $1,000 worth
of BTC, and we do this for the long
term, as we do with property and as we
do with the stock market as well, if you
just expand our time horizon to say 6
years, so beyond a cycle typically for
Bitcoin, then it's extremely likely that
over time we are outperforming classical
investment approaches because again,
Bitcoin becomes more more rare over time
and it still gets more and more
adoption. Had you followed this $1,000
per month approach with the S&P 500 or
with gold and you did this for 6 years,
you'd be at somewhere around 120 130K.
Now, had you done the same for Bitcoin,
you'd now be at 360K. So, roughly 3x the
amount. And so, this is where Bitcoin
differentiates itself massively from the
altcoin market. With the old coins, we
do not know what will be around still in
6 years, what will still be relevant in
6 years. The altcoins are highly
inflationary as in projects issue new
new tokens over time so that venture
capitalists can sell their tokens so
that the team can sell their tokens
there are vesting unlocks and when we
look at the entire market the entire
altcoin market that's tracked here on
tokconomist AI we've got unlocks of
roughly 1 billion per week. So as long
as we don't see 1 billion of purchases
every single week in the altcoins the
prices of the altcoins are going down.
Now, how much is 1 billion per week?
Let's compare this with Bitcoin. Bitcoin
has a market cap of 2.27 trillion and
it's got an inflation rate of 0.83%.
Which, by the way, is debatable because
again, we've got the purchases by all of
those other entities and we've got the
Bitcoin that gets lost. But let's ignore
all of this. Let's just say this doesn't
exist. Let's say we really have a net
issuance of those 0.83% on the 2.27
trillion. If you run the numbers, we've
got selling pressure of 371
million per week. So roughly a third of
what the altcoins have as selling
pressure. Now, how likely is it that the
altcoins in aggregate get purchased at
three times the rate of Bitcoin when
Bitcoin already has this direct link to
Wall Street? I think the likelihood is
rather low. On top of that, the Bitcoin
market cap is roughly seven times the
market cap of the altcoins. So the
selling pressure is only 1/3. The market
cap is seven times as large. So really
relatively speaking, the altcoins have
an inflation rate that's 20 times
larger. And that's what's causing this
situation. This is the smaller altcoins.
The performance in the last year.
Bitcoin has roughly doubled in the last
year. And just have a look at how many
altcoins that are shown here have
doubled. There's one, two, three
altcoins that did roughly the same as
Bitcoin. There's only one outperformer.
The rest all massively underperformed.
And this is not a coincidence. This is
simply just capital concentration
towards the long-term winner in the
market. You can't buy Quick or Myro or
Pika or Atlas for $1,000 every month and
just use this as another savings
vehicle. Dollar cost averaging into
those assets doesn't make sense, but
dollar cost averaging into Bitcoin or
Ethereum very much makes sense. And so
I'm taking advantage of this capital
concentration process. I'm betting on
most altcoins doing worse than Bitcoin
over time. And that's how I create
additional alpha over just buying and
holding Bitcoin. I don't just dollar
cost average into Bitcoin. I dollar cost
average into my trading portfolio. And I
buy Bitcoin and Ethereum and Solana and
I sell or short sell all the bad
altcoins over time. So this is my active
trading portfolio measured in BTC. And
of course, there is a lot of dollar cost
averaging happening here as well.
There's additional capital that enters
this portfolio every month. But had I
not dollar cost averaged at all, then
because of my relative valuation trades,
I still doubled the money. So without
the relative valuation trades, my
portfolio would now be only at around 2
1/2 bitcoin instead of five bitcoin.
That's the kind of impact that's doable
after four years of following such a
strategy. So basically take this DCA
approach and just 2x that capital that's
then 720k
versus just having around 100k doing a
traditional S&P 500 savings plan. Have a
look at arbitum for example. This is the
number of app tokens over time that are
circulating. When the supply expands and
the demand doesn't expand at the same
rate and the price underperforms. Now
this is arbitum in US dollars and this
already doesn't look that great right?
We have seen arbitum going down by 60%.
But compare arbitum relative to Bitcoin,
it's much much worse. Again, because
Bitcoin has all of those inflows from
traditional finance and because a lot of
Bitcoin gets lost over time and because
Bitcoin does not have this
ultraaggressive supply schedule. The
number of arbitum tokens is expanding
faster even than the number of US
dollars. And that's why it's losing even
against the US dollar. but it's
definitely losing against Bitcoin. And
so my approach to generate alpha out of
this is to just flip this chart around.
So instead of looking at up relative to
Bitcoin, here's Bitcoin relative to up.
So we're going short arbitum. We are
betting on falling prices of Arbitum. We
betting on rising prices of Bitcoin. And
what we see in orange, this is just the
Bitcoin price during the same time. So
we outperform buying and holding Bitcoin
massively with that strategy. For
example, over here, since the beginning
of 2024 to today, Bitcoin has
appreciated by 164%. But Bitcoin
relative to Arbitum has appreciated by
678%.
Now, this is way higher than the alpha
that I personally achieve. But of
course, I'm also rather risk averse. I
don't bet the entire portfolio on a
single token, and not everything that
inflates as aggressively tends to also
lose that constantly. But again, it's
all about the long term. It's about
building wealth over several years, not
just speculating on what's happening
next week. Now, granted, betting on
relative valuations, so something going
up while the other thing is going down
at the same time is a bit more complex
compared to just buying an altcoin
straight out. But that's why I made
dedicated videos on the topic. There's
actually only two videos that you have
to watch. So, there is this one over
here, using perpetual futures to bet on
relative valuations. And there's this
one over here, risk management with
relative valuation bets. It's 1 hour in
total worth of content. And after you've
watched that, you know how to set up
positions like this. Now, there are bets
that are a bit more risky than others.
Arbitum is rather risky. Just have a
look at this draw down here. But there
are also more constant winners. For
example, have a look at this. This is
Bitcoin relative to Balancer. Balancer
again being a very inflationary token.
Here's my offer. You watch those two
videos, you learn how to set up those
relative valuation trades and how to do
the risk management properly. And then
afterwards, after you've joined the
community, I will send you my favorite
trade. So, I've got several of those
relative valuation trades open, but I
will send you my favorite one. And if
you don't make money with that favorite
trade after one month of holding that
retaliation trade, then I will just
refund you the membership fee. So this
video over here and this video over
here. And if you don't make money with
that favorite trade, you will get the
$125
back. That's the fee per month. I of
course share every single trade that I
make. I don't just share my favorite
trade. I share all the trades that I
make in real time to the premium
members. A link to premium should pop up
directly here on the screen. Just click
on that. It will lead you to the
website. If it's the very first time
here, feel free to subscribe. I publish
these regularly. A like would be very
much appreciated as well. It helps the
channel grow. See you next time on
YouTube or see you in Premium.