I retired early this year at the age of
51 and I'm using Strategy's preferred
stock dividends as a key part of my
retirement income plan. In this video,
I'm going to review the four yield
generating preferred stocks that
Strategy has issued and at the end I'm
going to share the two that I selected
to be part of my plan. I'm Michael and
this is Betirement.
[Music]
Low volatility yieldgenerating fixed
income instruments like bonds and
dividend yielding stocks have always
been a key part of a retireesees plan.
Their consistent returns provide cash
flow and allow early retirees like me to
maintain our lifestyle. I believe that
strategies preferred shares meet these
needs better than any other option.
First, a bit about Strategy. Previously
known as Micro Strategy, Strategy is a
36-year-old enterprise software company
founded by MIT grad Michael Sailor. In
August 2020, Sailor made the decision to
shift the focus of the company to being
a Bitcoin treasury company. Under
Sailor's bold leadership, the company
has been aggressively accumulating
Bitcoin. They now hold just under
640,000 bitcoins, over 3% of the total
supply. This Bitcoin treasury ranks as
the number five largest corporate
treasury in the world just behind
Berkshire Hathaway, Amazon, Google, and
Microsoft. Even Nvidia and Apple lag
behind strategy. Beginning in December
2024, Michael Sailor continued his
innovation of blending traditional
finance with the strengths of Bitcoin by
issuing these preferred shares. To date,
Strategy has issued four unique
preferred stocks, each with their own
unique characteristics. They are Strike,
STRK, Strife, STRF, Stretch, STRC, and
Stride, STRD.
Notably, Stretch, STRC, had the largest
IPO so far in 2025, bringing in over
$2.5 billion.
These preferred shares are backed by the
Bitcoin that strategy holds and each is
collateralized more conservatively than
other yield generating instruments. Each
of the preferreds has a unique seniority
and volatility profile. Seniority
represents the priority that each class
has in the event a strategy has
financial concerns. The most senior
strife and stretch are the most
protected. Owners of these shares have
higher claim than the owners of less
senior shares. Volatility or the
expected price fluctuation also varies
across these four preferred stocks. Now
let's walk through each of these in a
little bit more detail. Stretch is the
variable rate preferred stock. With
Stretch, Strategy is targeting short
duration investors seeking stable value
with higher yield than money market
funds. Strategy's intent for Stretch is
to maintain its share price right around
$100. Its dividend is currently 10% per
year and it's paid monthly. Strategy may
raise or lower that dividend every month
to help maintain that $100 share price.
Stretch's dividend is more than double
that of the savings accounts and money
market funds that it competes with.
Stride is a fixed dividend
non-cumulative preferred stock. It's
targeted at yield focused investors
seeking high yield with strong
collateral coverage. Non-cumulative
means that management can skip the
dividend at any point and those skipped
dividend payments will not acrue. Stride
has a fixed 10% dividend based on the
$100 target price. However, because of
the non-cumulative nature, the shares
trade below that $100 target price.
Currently, they're at $79, which makes
the current yield a whopping 12.6%.
Stride is the highest yielding of these
four Strategy preferred stocks, but
you're taking on the risk of a potential
suspension of the dividend. Strategy
compares Stride to high yield corporate
bonds, which typically yield between 7
and 8%.
Strife is Strategy's most senior fixed
dividend preferred stock. It's targeted
for income focused investors seeking
premium yield with enhanced payment
protection. Strife has a fixed
cumulative dividend, which means if
Strategy misses a dividend payment for
any reason, these payments would acrue
and would need to be paid to the
shareholder at a later date. Strife's
dividend is 10% based on a $100 share
price. However, because of the senior
and protected nature of Strife, it
trades at a premium. Currently, it's
trading at $111 per share, which brings
its yield to 9%.
Strife is the most protected equity in
Strategy's capital stack and its share
price will fluctuate along with the
price of Bitcoin and interest rates.
Strife's yield is nearly double that of
the investment grade corporate bonds and
long-term treasuries that it competes
with. Strike is the convertible fixed
dividend preferred stock. It's targeted
at growthoriented income investors
seeking both Bitcoin exposure and yield
protection. Strike also has a fixed
cumulative dividend. Its dividend is
targeted at 8% based on the $100 share
price, but its current price is $93,
which means its current yield is 8.6%.
Being a convertible preferred equity
means that Strike can be converted to
shares of MSTR. One share of Strike can
be exchanged for 0.1 share of MSTR.
This means that Strike has the highest
correlation to the MSTR share price and
Bitcoin price action.
Strike has the potential to provide both
higher yield and stronger share
appreciation than other assets it
competes with. As you can see, each of
these preferred shares has their own
pros and cons. As an early retiree
seeking to generate dividend income from
a portion of my overall portfolio, I
have invested in Stretch and Stride. I
like the monthly dividend of Stretch,
but I also like the higher return that
Stride offers. And I'm making the
assumption that in the short term,
Strategy will have no need to suspend
Stride's dividend. Everybody's needs and
risk tolerance is different, but these
four innovative preferred stocks offered
by Strategy can meet those different
needs. In general, all four of these
equities offer extraordinary yield, and
they're definitely worth a consideration
of any early retiree. If you like this
video, please click like and subscribe
to the channel and comment below if you
have any experience with these strategy
preferred stocks.