Regular viewers of the TOEFL project
will already know that I'm predicting
that the under 16's social media ban is
going to turn into an epic legal
showdown between the Australian e-
safety commissioner Julie Inman Grant
and the big American social media tech
companies including Meta which is
Facebook and Instagram, Alphabet,
meaning Google and YouTube and of course
X meaning well meaning Julie Inman
Grant's arch nemesis Elon Musk. Well,
that epic showdown is still only in its
warm-up phase, but some of the big tech
companies are already making their
intentions pretty clear. Earlier this
week, the Australian government held a
parliamentary hearing for the express
purpose of grilling the tech companies
and finding out how exactly they were
planning to comply with the under 16s
ban, which is now less than two months
away. Here is the Channel 7 report about
that hearing.
Representatives from some of the world's
biggest social media companies have
failed to show up to a hearing in
Canberra. Officials from Google and
Microsoft faced a grilling in Parliament
yesterday to explain how they'll boot
children from their platforms. There are
calls for more clarity on the under 16s
ban which starts in December.
>> What is the plan for the 11th of
December? What is the plan for the day
after this social media ban kicks in?
Representatives from Meta, Snapchat, and
Tik Tok failed to attend the hearing.
>> Meta, which is Facebook and Instagram,
as well as Snapchat and Tik Tok, all
decided to give this parliamentary
hearing a wide birth, and with good
reason. Instagram, Tik Tok, and Snapchat
are the platforms who have the highest
proportion of young users, and they know
a stitchup when they see one. The
senator we saw there that was asking the
question, "What's the plan?" Well, that
was Senator David Schub. I'm pretty sure
I know exactly what their plan is and
the Australian government isn't going to
like it. More on that in a minute. But
first, my name's Toeerfield. This is the
TOEFL Project and I help busy people
like you to keep up with the world as it
changes around us. I am 100% viewer
supported. So, if you appreciate having
an Australian voice of reason talking
about Australian issues like this age
verification plan, then please help me
to keep the TOEFL project going by
buying me a coffee via the button at
toefield.net. And if you like my videos,
then you will love my best-selling books
about government, power, human rights,
and civil disobedience. You'll find both
of my books, plus my DVD of my
multi-awwardwinning documentary,
Battleground Melbourne, as well as my
t-shirts and hoodies in a range of
different designs. Some are funny, like
this quote from history saying, "Don't
make me repeat myself." Or my personal
favorite, which is particularly relevant
to this topic, too much 1984, not enough
1776.
Whilst other designs are more serious
and thoughtprovoking, like my net zero,
which is my way of saying no or net to
net zero, and of course my classic good
people break badlaws design as well.
You'll find all of that at good people
breakadlaws.com. And everything you buy
helps me to keep the TOEFL project going
and helps me to keep you up to date as
stories like this one unfold. Senator
Schub's question is a valid one. What's
going to happen on December 10th and
11th and 12th? Well, I think it's fairly
clear and the boycott of this
parliamentary hearing by Meta, Snapchat,
and Tik Tok only serves to reinforce my
view, but evidently the geniuses in
Canra are playing catch-up. So, let me
spell it out for them. The under 16's
ban uses very vague wording. It doesn't
prescribe how these tech companies are
going to comply or what exactly they're
expected to do. It requires only that
these mega tech platforms take
reasonable steps to age verify their
users. What's a reasonable step? Well,
that's anybody's guess. And therein lies
the problem. Tech companies have an
enormous amount of information about
their members that the government
doesn't and shouldn't have. There's
simple things like when the account was
created. For example, in the case of my
YouTube account, I created that back in
2009, 16 years ago. Thank you very much.
So, I doubt that YouTube are going to
invest an enormous amount of their
resources trying to figure out if I'm
over 16 years of age or not. And let's
not forget that these platforms need
their users. That's how they make their
money. Either through financial
subscriptions like X with their
payto-play blue tick or through simple
ad revenue serving ads to their users.
These tech companies will be looking to
optimize two things. Firstly, minimizing
the cost of the compliance on their
side. So minimizing the amount of
resources they have to invest into
taking reasonable steps to figure out
who's under 16, but also minimizing the
number of accounts that they remove
incorrectly because every incorrectly
removed account is going to cost them
revenue. So yes, I absolutely expect
that if an account is already 16 years
old or older, or to be honest, probably
if an account is more than about 5 years
old, they're going to say that that's
good enough. They've checked the age of
the account itself, and that's a
reasonable step to ensuring that the
account user is now over 16 years of
age. For newer accounts, they can look
at your entire viewing history on their
platform. What you've watched, what
you've followed, what you've liked or
commented on, what your comments have
said. AI tools will very quickly be able
to determine whether or not a user's
history looks like a 15year-old or more
like a 43y old. So again, I don't think
these platforms are going to be forcing
each and every user to go through an
arduous high friction process to verify
their age using invasive facial
recognition tech. They will use those
technologies, but they'll reserve those
sorts of intrusive high friction methods
for accounts which based on an AIdriven
survey of the account, well, it looks
like maybe it might be someone who isn't
16 years of age. That's not to say that
these tech companies will do nothing.
And I've no doubt that this is going to
negatively affect some accounts of adult
members. That is pretty much inevitable.
But these companies are going to try and
make sure that that happens as little as
possible. And they will insist that they
have now taken reasonable steps and they
have therefore complied with the
legislation. But the e safety
commissioner is almost certainly going
to disagree. I think in her imagination
she really believed that she could force
every one of these companies to use
privacy invading methods to individually
verify the age of each and every user.
And so my prediction for the day after
the ban comes into effect is that's when
the lawsuits will begin. I'd be willing
to bet my life savings all $4.68 68
cents worth that these tech companies
already have teams of lawyers preparing
for the lawsuits that they know are
coming and that's why they haven't
bothered to show up to the parliamentary
hearing. There's nothing for them to
gain by showing up and having a few MPs
grandstand and ask gotcha type
questions. I think that the tech
companies have just made their
intentions entirely clear. They are not
going to gravel or bow down or kiss the
ring. They will take what they consider
to be reasonable steps in order to
comply with the legislation and then
they're going to let the lawyers take it
from there. After that, well, anything
could happen. I wouldn't put it past the
e Karen to start making absurd demands
like saying the government should block
access to these platforms through any
Australian ISP if they refuse to play
ball. But such a block would be
political poison for the Albanesei
government. So, I doubt that they would
support such an idea. And if they did,
these tech giants will just go straight
to the courts, get an injunction, and
let the lawsuits play out over the
following few years. And I'm sorry to
regular viewers that have heard this
before, but I would be remiss not to
mention in this video the fact that US
Secretary of State Marco Rubio, not to
mention the vice president, JD Vance,
have both made it very clear that they
will back their tech companies,
especially when it comes to freedom of
speech and to privacy. I've covered that
in detail before. I'm not going to bore
you with a repeat. Just check out TOEFL
Project episodes 180 and 159. If you'd
like to understand more of that history
that makes me so confident that not only
are these tech companies are going to
stand their ground, but also that the
highest levels of the US government are
going to back them all the way. And
that's not to say that these tech
companies will win in the Australian
courts in the end. Frankly, there's no
knowing what an Australian court might
decide. But that process to get to a
decision, that will be a process that
will take years to play out with
probably multiple appeals and things
along the way. And in the meantime, this
under 16's social media ban and the
battle that Julie Inman Grant is
creating will be a thorn in Anthony
Albanesey's side with a lot of unhappy
Australians and an enormous amount of
diplomatic pressure from the US to just
drop the whole thing.
I don't know who's going to win this
showdown, but I do know that it is going
to be a big one. And I know that by
choosing not to show up to this
parliamentary hearing earlier this week,
Meta, Tik Tok, and Snapchat have
confirmed my view that no matter how big
this battle gets, they are up for it. My
name's Topherfield. This is the TOEFL
Project, and I help busy people like you
to cut through the crap, to make sense
of the nonsense, and to keep up with the
world as it changes around us. I am 100%
viewer supported. So, please help me to
keep the TOEFL project going by buying
me a coffee via the button at
tofield.net.
And perhaps more importantly, please
join my email list while you're there so
that we can keep in touch regardless of
what may happen in December. And if you
appreciate my nononsense analysis of
what's happening in the world, then you
will love my nononsense books about
government, power, human rights, and
civil disobedience, which you'll find
along with my DVD of Battleground
Melbourne and my t-shirts and my hoodies
at good peoplebreakbadlaws.com.
Thank you for watching all the way to
the end. The algorithm loves you and so
do I. Please make sure that you've
subscribed so that I can keep you up to
date with this story and with others as
they unfold. Please like, comment
whether you think that my prediction is
right or if you think that something
else is going to happen. And as always,
think free.