The market is entering a very dangerous
and overvalued phase with AI hype,
optimism, and future earnings already
priced in for many stocks. So, in this
video, I want to talk about the logic
that you should be using to actually do
well in a market where things are not
that cheap. Look, historical warning
signals right now are flashing,
literally flashing. Look at the Schiller
PE ratio. Childer PE is a very important
metric that I personally look at that I
studied in my undergrad education and
finance and right now it's around 40ish
that's very high. If you look at the
Buffett indicator it's at around 215%
which is basically at extreme levels
only seen during major bubbles like the
dot error. Now I don't want to scare you
too much. I just want to give you the
facts and I'm going to talk about how
you can protect yourself, the strategies
that you can use when you see your 40 in
the market and how you protect yourself
because when things are high, you got to
be cautious, right? So, these are levels
we've only seen only a couple of times.
Do other times that didn't really end
too well. And I'm not saying that
history is going to repeat itself, but
it certainly is likely that it can
repeat itself. And I want to put this
into perspective right now. I think
there's a lot of good stocks in the
market. If you know where to pick, I'm
going to talk about some of those good
stocks. But the general picture is this.
Retail investors are making some
mistakes. They're making classic
mistakes like buying high and selling
low. And that's a really big issue
because when you buy high and sell low,
you lose money. And when you lose money,
it's hard to recover from that, right?
So we well me myself personally I'm a
fan of making a little bit lower returns
but also reducing risk and really
focusing on proper risk management which
is really looking at fundamentals and
technicals. Now retail investors they
always show up late to the party. It's
like the champagne's almost gone and
they come in and they're like I'm ready
right? But the champagne's almost gone
so they're kind of late to the party in
a way. They don't really realize that
insiders have basically already cashed
out a lot of profits. That's what I see
a lot in the market right now is that
smart money is being more careful. And
the core principle that I want you to
understand here is that quality
investments are going to be the best
thing that you can do right now because
I see some Looney Tunes stocks that are
rising hundreds of percent, right? Uh
and some of them are in the AI space,
right? Uh, I won't mention specifics
because there's a lot of them. There's
just a lot of stocks and the stocks that
I talk about on this channel and the
stocks that I have in my Discord
community, those are the stocks I
personally believe in, right? The AI
industry is still strong, but there's a
lot of stocks that have run up a lot.
So, I want to caution you to be careful
with some of those stocks because
there's something called seasonality.
Seasonality is when certain stocks, they
go up a lot and that's fine. That's
normal. It's smart to sometimes ride
that momentum. We also have to
understand that the cycle may change and
I can see that happening in the near
future. So you need to hedge yourself.
You need to have proper diversification.
You need to have proper risk management.
These are all topics that I want you to
know because whether you're part of my
Discord community or just watching my
videos, I still want you to have the
best results possible, right? And the
time to buy is usually when things don't
really feel right. When there's a lot of
panic and chaos in the market, that's
actually a good time to buy. And when
things are extremely high, they're
giving you these promises, right? The
market really rewards pain tolerance. So
when the market is going down and you're
one of the few people that decides to
catch a falling knife, that is the
opportunity. That's where riches are
made. When people take opportunity to to
buy when no one else is buying. right
now when everyone else is just chasing
things and stocks are at all-time highs
like Nvidia, like Palanteer, I want to
caution you because there are better
alternatives. For example, AMD. I think
AMD is a really good investment because
AMD is a lot cheaper than Nvidia right
now. Same thing for Palance here. It has
been hovering around 180, but it's not
really it's not really going up anymore.
So, there's no more momentum. So, why be
invested in a company right now that is
is expensive and doesn't have any more
momentum? I want to put that into
perspective. I'm not a bear and I'm not
turning bearish on the overall market,
but I want to put into perspective
because a lot of people who are mega
bulls, you you guys need to understand
the opposite side of the story that
we're it's very expensive right now,
right? So sometimes I personally rather
miss out on gains but have really good
risk management in place. And for me I
believe that that's what makes me a good
investor and a good coach is I'm not
chasing home runs all the time. I'm not
chasing to make all the money in the
world. I am really after stability,
consistent income that is safe. That's
my personal goal. I want to achieve good
results without having to to suffer in
times where the market is going to pull
back. And market crashes are very
normal. So that's basically a recurring
cycle within investments. They're not
accidents. They're actually designed all
the time. They're like literally
designed to take money from people that
have more experience, more patience, and
other qualities as good investors. They
take it from uh the investors that don't
have those skills to those that have
skills and patience. So market crashes
are very normal and bull markets like
we're in right now or summer romances.
They feel endless until reality shows up
with the bill. And I'm feeling that
recently myself, man. Not in investing,
but in real life, I've had that happen.
Right? You got a romance story and then
boom, the bill comes. It's not good.
Right? So you got to wake up to the
realities of life that you got to be
careful in all things right investing
especially if you look at the S&P 500 it
is not risk-free it is not it's heavily
concentrated in the top 10 stocks
there's very heavy concentration on mag
7 and the top 10 stocks and I like them
I think a lot of money is pouring into
them but you still have to understand
that people call the S&P 500 diversified
and it's becoming less diversified
Because right now it's very techheavy.
It's basically like a techheavy rocket.
You know, if the engine goes out and
fails, rockets don't glide when engines
fail. So, right now, we're on a tech
heavy rocket. And you got to hedge some
of the strategies that I talk about on
this channel. You can watch my other
videos here on this channel. I have a
whole playlist on option trading.
There's a lot of strategies that I would
be using right now to generate income,
to protect yourself, to hedge. There's a
lot of strategies that you can use. And
if you look at professional investors,
they protect themselves through
diversification, through trimming
winners. I haven't talked about this for
a long time, but trimming winners. If
you have a huge winner, it is okay to
pay taxes, trim, have a realized gain,
pay some taxes, and reinvest that
elsewhere. That's perfectly okay. And
it's also okay to have bond exposure. I
don't have any bonds myself, but for me,
you can have a safe investment like a
bond through a dividend paying stock. So
going into dividend paying stocks, they
have a a bigger floor. They have a
stronger floor, a stronger foundation.
So avoid trying to predict the next
crash, you're certainly not going to do
that. You may get lucky. Whatever this
video gets, let's say 20,000 views,
maybe there's 1,000 out of 20,000
people. You can time the market but in a
short amount of time. Timing the market
in a long period of time, forget it.
Absolutely forget about it. Right? So
instead, use a structured plan. The best
structure plan that you can use, hands
down, this is the best. I'm not a
financial adviser or anything like that,
but this is what my formal education
taught me. The best structured plan that
you can have is our cost averaging.
That's why recently in my Discord
community, I bought some shares of Meta.
I like that Meta fell fell down a bit
and I bought 25 shares of Meta. And my
goal now, I told my Discord community is
we're going to acquire more Meta. When
we get to 100 shares, we're going to
sell covered calls. And I didn't want to
buy 100 shares of Meta because it it's a
lot of money. It's a lot of money for
anyone, right? Not that's that's a lot
of money. 100 shares of Meta is like 70
grand, right? So, I think that it's
great opportunity to dollar cost average
into it. Even if you can't afford 100
shares, you can afford whatever, one
share, two shares, and just continue to
add and dollar cost average. as an
example, Meta, right? A structured plan
like dollar cost averaging and adding
more during downturns and waiting for
good opportunities is the right way. You
shouldn't wait and have 100% cash.
That's just definitely not the right
move. I'm not a fan of timing the market
at all. I'll put that on the line right
now. Do not do that. But it's good to
have some cash on the side, a little
bit. It's good to add more money into
your account, especially during
downtimes if you can, or just focus on
dollar cost averaging. You don't need to
be super sexy to make a ton of money.
You don't need to outsmart the market.
You don't need to All you really need to
do is outlast it. You don't need to
outsmart the market. You need to outlast
it. That's probably one of the best
metaphors or analogies I came up with,
right? Systems beat emotions every
single time, guys. So, sticking to a
system of dollar cost averaging is way
better, especially because if you think
about it, emotions are like the biggest
risk. If you actually want to be a good
investor, it's discipline. It's patience
and diversification beats basically
every single other strategy and it wins
over like trying to time the market and
speculate. That's not how you actually
make money. So, if you're a beginner and
you think that the next this technical
indicator is going to make you wealthy,
no, it's not. It's by just sticking to
the simple basics. That's why in my
Discord coaching program, I don't do
anything super complicated. I just go
over the breadand butter basics. I put
out trades that I believe in. So has
made a ton of money and I look for
quality companies and I focus on the
long term because long-term investing
works. 90% of decades, right, in any
given decade, 90% of them are profitable
in 100% of any 20-year cycle, 20-year
period has been profitable 100% of the
time. In 90% of a decade is is
profitable, right? And if you know how
to hedge, if you know how to dollar cost
average, that number is even higher,
right? It's way higher than that. So, I
want you to be ahead of the curve. I'm
very resultsoriented myself. I want
everyone to get results and I want
people to be diversified and understand
some of the warning signs. This is truly
for me, I think, I hope not. I hope I'm
wrong, but I think a once in a-lifetime
event is coming, which is basically
like, you know, a 10% pullback,
something like that. Nothing too crazy.
I'm not trying to predict the market
crash that's going to be too crazy, but
I think we're going to get a pullback
because things are not cheap. things are
not cheap. So I think this is really
like I would say a once in a-lifetime
event may happen and the way you want to
prepare for this is by trimming some of
your massive gains. Palunteer massive
gains gains it's not really cheap
anymore. Uh and what has come up fast
may also come down fast. So that's why
my personal positions they are geared
towards safety and quality. So dollar
cost averaging is like an automatic gym
membership. just attend the gym and
you're going to get results because
you're consistent, right? So, your
portfolio doesn't need to be sexy. Needs
to survive and how do you say that
analogy? Like test time, be the test of
time, which is having like 10 to 15 high
quality stocks. One of them, for
example, is Amazon. It's down years of
data and trading below historical
valuations. AWS is gaining 20% growth.
It's growing pretty quickly, strong cash
flow, and it's really has potential to
rebound to all-time highs. So, I'm
looking at stocks that no one's really
like talking about. It's not like the
next crazy stock that's going to get a
50,000 or 100,000 views. And I don't
care. I'm just trying to get you good
results. Amazon is a good example. AMD
is a good example because AMD is getting
AI market share cheaper than Nvidia. So,
I'm looking at value plays right now.
I'm looking at opportunities in the
market for stocks that are not all-time
highs. So, I will do some more stock
research. I'll have some more on this
channel. and I personally plan to
continue to trade and make the students
that I work with money. So, if you're
interested in learning more about my
Discord community, click the first link
in the description. Either way, please
stay safe. Be aware that right now the
market is not that cheap, right? So,
hedge, be protected, and I'll see you in
the next video.