All Jews are Israelis, even if you
haven't filled out your paperwork just
yet. Because remember, we were a people
first, far before we were ever a
religion. Judaism was just a way of
life, a set of beliefs and traditions
that our nation followed. So that's why
we speak a Seemetic language. That's why
when we pray, we face Jerusalem and our
synagogues are built to face Jerusalem.
Well, that low cut top was certainly a
choice, a very intentional one because
Israeli paid honeypot propagandists, as
I like to think of them, are flooding
social media as Israel attempts to
essentially launder its current image
and reputation as a belligerent and
genocidal regime. Now, let's back up a
little bit because Netanyahu had met
with American influencers after his UN
General Assembly speech. you know that
speech where literally dozens of
international diplomats walked out
because he is um a war criminal. Yeah,
that one. And uh after meeting with with
them, there were some posts uh from the
prime minister of Israel X page saying
that the prime minister met uh a a after
his UN General Assembly speech with
pro-Israel influencers and spoke with
them about the challenges in the new era
and the public diplomacy efforts and the
influence of the social networks on the
discourse for and against Israel. And
during that meeting, he was on camera
and he just openly said, you know, we
got to take over uh Tik Tok and we got
to have a conversation with Elon Musk uh
to do something about X to ensure that
pro-Israel propaganda is being
dispersed. And um those pictures that he
shared actually ended up coming in very
handy because soon after that meeting,
responsible statecraft had reported that
a cohort of American influencers were
getting paid $7,000
per pro-Israel post on social media.
Now, here's one of the influencers who
was in fact present during that meeting
with BB. Uh she goes by Sheay. She
writes, "This is hilarious. I'm all
about America first, but that doesn't
mean America alone."
Yeah.
Are you? I mean, just note that uh her
handle is
Judan CEO.
Really? You're all about America first?
Okay. Um now she says that America first
doesn't mean America alone but um
you know but many feel America would
actually do better uh without its ties
to a genocidal welfare state like Israel
that relies on US taxpayer money uh in
order to do pretty much everything. Uh
plus Israel needed our bombs uh in order
to carry out strikes in Iran. And in her
post, she makes it seem as though Israel
is protecting the United States by
fighting off Iran. Just not true. And
some are smart enough to see what's
going on here. I want to give you some
of the responses to her post, by the
way. Very pretty girl. I'm not going to
deny that. Uh, however, there she is
with uh Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu. There she is uh with evidence
that she was in that meeting with BB.
One of my favorite uh things that's now
pretty common on social media in
response to posts like this is that
people are making reference to the
amount of money these influencers are
getting paid per pro-Israel post on
social media. I'll give you a taste of
just two of them. Here's one showing
Netanyahu as a game show host giving
$7,000.
Another person posted plus $7,000.
$7,000 has been deposited into your
account. And there are more examples
which I'll give you in just a minute.
But Jenk, uh, what do you think about
this, you know, honeypot propaganda
scheme? Do you think it's going to win
over the hearts and minds of Americans
who have soured on the Israeli
government?
All right, there's three things here.
Uh, two of them are
one is serious, one is hopeful, one is,
uh, light. So, let's get started. First
of all, uh, this could be basically
characterized as tatas for Israel. Um,
okay. And I guess Netanyahu wants Israel
and America to be bosom buddies. Okay.
Don't be a boob, Jen. Don't be a boob.
We should get Colonel Tata back on here
to discuss it. Anyways, um I I mean
that's guys, you got to realize how
funny that is. Again, this is not a left
or right one at all, right? Israel's
basically going like this to you,
thinking, "Oh, dumb American men. Here,
look at Israeli boobs." Okay. So, now
give us Okay. Like, here, uh, I gave
that chick $7,000. Now you give me $13
billion.
Mhm.
Don't let them rob you. Okay.
And so, so it's But Anna, that leads to
the hopeful part, which is in the old
days, nobody would have caught this.
I've seen them run things like this, not
exactly this at all, but different
propaganda campaigns like hundreds of
times and no one ever, of course,
mainstream media works for them, so that
they're useless. We'll come back to them
in a second. But in the old days, there
was nobody to catch them. Now, I don't
even know if it's right-wingers or
leftwingers who are doing these videos,
right? But they're getting caught all
over the place. They're like, "Oh, yeah,
that's another 7,000 uh the 7,000 club.
I made that up." Okay. Anyway, so and
they're all getting called out and I
love it. I love it when the internet
catches people. Everybody's getting
caught. That's a huge phenomenon. Which
leads us to the last point, which is a
serious one.
So BB in that uh gathering with
influencers, we've shown it to you a
couple times, says, "Okay, we're going
to buy Tik Tok. We're going to get
allies. We're going to influence Elon
Musk to be pro-Israel on X and we're
going to control the media and you're
all getting paid." I mean, he's kind of
like literally like a stripper, right?
Because he's like, "All right, here's
the money." like right and so I don't
know if they threw in a lap dance while
they were at it. Uh and so um and then
you go oh it looks like Israel is
obviously
influencing American media and
mainstream media goes anti-semite. Oh
come on guys. Come on. You can't
complain about a trope if you're doing
the trope and you're announcing it to
the world publicly. Right. We are TRYING
TO CONTROL AMERICAN MEDIA. YOU SAID IT.
I didn't say it.
So
So true. So true. But but look, that was
just a little taste. Okay, we've got
some more honeypot action going on.
Let's talk about something that drives
every business owner absolutely crazy.
Trying to hire the right people. It's
like trying to find a needle in a hay
stack. You post a job and get flooded
with résumés, but most of them don't
have the right skills or experience.
It's a huge hassle, honestly. But not
with Zip Recruiter. Zip Recruiter finds
amazing candidates for you, and they do
it fast. And now you can try it for free
at ziprecruiter.com/tyt.
Now here's why it works. The moment you
post your job, their smart matching
technology gets to work. It's not just
sitting there waiting for people to find
it and apply. It's actively searching
and identifying top qualified talent
that fits your role. It sends them your
way and then it does the hard part of
the hiring for you. But don't worry,
you're still in full control. If you
find a candidate you like, Zip Recruiter
allows you to send a personalized invite
to apply message. It eliminates the
waiting game and gets the right people
to engage with your job posting sooner
rather than later. So ditch the other
hiring sites and let Zip Recruiter find
what you're looking for, the needle in
the haystack. Four out of five employers
who post on Zip Recruiter get a quality
candidate within the first day. Try it
for free at the exclusive web address
ziprecruiter.comtyt.
Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/tyt.
zip recruiter, the smartest way to hire.
I want to give you um another example.
This one is just so crazy and how lazy
the propaganda is that again, you just
have to laugh. So recently, one of these
uh propagandists tried to lie about the
44 boats that made up the Simud Flotilla
that tried to get humanitarian aid to
the Palestinian uh civilians in Gaza.
And luckily, in her attempt to lie about
the humanitarians and what they were
really up to, um she was just so bad at
it that it was easy to debunk her. And I
want you to get a sense of just how lazy
she was. Take a look. So, this Zionist
lady recently tried to expose the Gaza
Freedom flotilla by claiming that the
boats didn't actually have any aid on
them.
Hi everyone, it is Lizzie Sevki. I'm
reporting to you live from Greta's
flotilla where 44 boats were intercepted
yesterday, allegedly bringing aid to
Gaza. Let's go inside. I'll give you a
tour. Margarita machine and some empty
bottles.
Yeah, hold on, lady. Let's take a closer
look at those empty bottles. The labels
on these products are written in Hebrew,
which means they come from Israel. So,
you're telling me that Greta Thunderberg
brought Israeli products from Sweden, or
did you just plant them here so you
could push your dumbass narrative?
$7,000 has been deposited in your
account. She also claims that there was
paraphernalia and needles on the boat,
but I guess they were too lazy to
actually plant any because she never
shows it.
Like, oh, what? Okay, so the are the
humanitarians doing heroin on the boat?
It's just so ridiculous. It really is.
And of course, she was also pictured
with Netanyahu after his uh UN General
Assembly speech. Let's take a look.
There she is right there in the middle.
You'll also notice that Emily Austin is
in the picture. She's another one of
these uh Israeli propagandists. She's
usually on Pierce Morgan's show getting
her ass handed to her. And on October
17th, she'll be on her take. Really
looking forward to having her on the
show. Um, and so by the way, she's also
the one who put out this banger again.
This is Emily Austin. Take a look.
Imagine supporting people who start wars
just to lose the wars so they can cry
about it and then try it all again.
You must see anti-semites are literally
obsessed with Jews. Now walk with me.
While you must see anti-semmites are
stacking eviction notices, Jews are out
here stacking up businesses.
Jews control all the industries. Maybe
if you spent more time taking notes from
successful people, you wouldn't have to
spend your nights and weekends spreading
hate from your anonymous account with an
anime profile picture.
Do you work as hard as Jews? Do you
network like Jews? No, because you're
too busy cheering on a group of musty
terrorists who smell like dirty earring
backs. And if we're going to keep it
real, you're really mad because your
income is giving side hustle.
Period.
How you going to hate from outside
Shabbat? You can't even get in.
That video is supposed to make people
like Israel. Like, who was that for?
That was so bad. And Jen, there's at
least one person, one influencer who at
least had a little bit of self-awareness
to understand I probably am not going to
look good if I'm in this photo of other
US influencers who are getting bought
off by the nation state of Israel. Let's
take a quick look at that gentleman.
Here he is trying to hide behind hide
behind someone. It's so good. It's so
good.
But don't worry, he's going to be
wearing short shorts in his next video.
And he's like, "Oh, look at this ladies
for come and get it for Israel." And
when Emily Austin's getting her ass
handed to her on Piers Morgan, she'll be
like, "Hey everybody, look at it though.
Look at it for Israel. For Israel, my
ass." That video you just showed was so
weird. So it does two things.
It was so embarrassing. Yeah, it was so
cringey. I can't believe they thought
that was a good idea. But please, by all
means, more more do more of that
real well for Israel.
No, but there is one huge problem. As
always, they're conflating the terrible
actions of the Israeli current Israeli
government with all Jews. Don't do that.
That's what drives anti-semitism, right?
So, they're trying they're almost trying
to egg on anti-semitism so they can
complain about it so that they can keep
murdering Palestinians and then go,
"Yeah, anyone who complains is an
anti-semite." I mean, what was that?
That that whole thing of like, haha, the
Jews are the best. We run all the
industries. YOU BETTER GET A LAWYER FOR
US. WHAT WAS THAT? HOW How's that help
you? That's like maniacal. If Candace
Owens put that out, everybody be like,
"OH MY GOD, IT'S THE MOST ANTI-SEMITIC
THING WE'VE EVER SEEN." SO, it's these
guys are nuts, man. And yet, I I I'll
never get over it. as we all the entire
world has woken up the the entire
country left right everyone has woken up
to what's Israel is doing and it's so
obvious because they're literally
shoving it in your face their breast
their ass everything right their money
all of it right the politicians in the
media in America 98% of the powerful
people in this country are like what I
don't see it
what's that oh you must be an
anti-semite if you say Israel is doing
propaganda online or in the media
All right. You guys want to ruin your
whole lives, your careers, everything
just so you can kiss the ass that Israel
is offering up.
That's an embarrassing way to go through
life. But hey, you do you,