Okay. Well, let's talk about let's talk
about a couple supplements. Um, I
definitely want to get into jet lag in a
little bit later, but you know,
obviously the most the top of- mind
supplement people think about when they
think about sleep, they think melatonin.
Melatonin. So, melatonin is a hormone.
It's a very old molecule. It's in
plants. It's in other stuff.
It's not a sleep hormone
except by association. Melatonin is the
hormone of darkness. Melatonin is a
nighttime signal. You produce it at
night. A great example of how it's not a
sleep signal. It has no sedating
properties whatsoever. Melatonin
doesn't. You give melatonin to a
nocturnal animal, it wakes them up
because it's a nighttime signal. To to
the degree to which your body gets a
nighttime signal and that makes you
sleepy, yes, it can promote sleep.
Melatonin can promote sleep in humans.
For that reason,
it can help you fall asleep faster. It
can help you stay asleep. It can help
you sleep more restfully because it's
strengthening that nighttime signal.
That's what it does. It's also why it is
almost universally useless for insomnia
because if you have a conditioned
arousal, remember now now everyone knows
what conditioned arousal is. If you have
a conditioned arousal, your body already
knows it's nighttime. Still can't sleep.
So taking melatonin is almost never
going to work to treat an insomnia
condition.
But if you don't have conditioned
arousal, if you don't if you just need a
little bit of a boost, actually
melatonin probably works just fine. It's
also you produce it natural during the
day. Your levels are almost
non-existent. They start rising in the
early evening. They pick up, they peak
during the night, and then they drop off
right about the time you expect the sun
to come up. and light suppresses it. So
even if you're at peak levels during the
night, turn on a bright bathroom light
plummets, then you turn the off the
light. As long as the clock still thinks
it's nighttime, it'll regenerate them
again. Might take a delay, especially
the older you get, the the less flexible
the system is, but that happens
naturally.
Now, some people
when they take melatonin,
they might be taking the wrong dose at
the wrong time.
And and then there's the other problem.
There was like a few studies that have
been published where I mean almost all
these melatonin supplements that are out
on the market have huge variations. Some
of them have like 100 times more
melatonin than it's actually what's on
the
those. So, so that's the thing where
there's a lot of them out there that can
be unreliable,
especially from some of the
manufacturers that don't have the good
quality control. It is regulated by the
FDA. It's just, you know, there's just
not enough money for enforcement. So,
there's not a ton of enforcement. But
any of the larger companies, they're
actually going to have pretty good
quality control. And they are, if you
look at those, the ones that are the
bigger companies that are on the shelf,
they are almost always right on target
for what they should be. And I say that
because what's on the bottle is actually
not what's supposed to be in the bottle.
And a lot of people don't know this, but
the bigger companies that have the
higher quality and the higher quality
control are following the law. And the
law says that the amount on the bottle
has to be within a certain percentage of
the amount that's in the pill at the
expiration date. That is the definition.
So, if you have a supplement that's
sitting on a shelf with a three-year
expiration date and you're working with
a company that's trying to do everything
really well and correctly, your chemists
and food scientists have to calculate
exactly how much they have to put in
that pill so that as it degrades
naturally over time, how much will it
degrade to the point to hit the target 2
to 3 years out? That's actually the
calculation they're making. So in
melatonin that answer is usually 30 to
50%.
So when you buy melatonin off the shelf
and it says five,
it's probably closer to eight, seven or
eight when you buy it. And then two to
three years later, yeah, it's five
because they did their job. They
followed the law and they had really
high standards in their manufacturing.
But it's still the you're probably
taking a much you're probably taking a
higher dose and they can't tell you
because the way the law is written it's
like if you if you tell people what's in
there is different than what's on the
bottle, you've now changed the label and
now you have to beat that. It's it's
complicated. The law was written in in
the way I think they didn't foresee this
problem. But people need to know that
actually if it's a good brand, it's
actually going to be higher than what's
in the bottle because they're going to
calculate in the overage needed to to be
able to degrade to the point that it
hits the target. Isn't that crazy? Like
people don't know this.
So less is more for sure with with when
it
that's also why I say if you're still
having effects actually your dose might
be too high. Just cut it in half. When
it comes to melatonin, I know there's
like a lot of questions I get from
people is well, if you're taking a
melatonin supplement, are you going to
then stop making endogenous?
There is, to my knowledge, there is no
evidence that this that that actually
ever happens.
To my knowledge, it's a worry, but
melatonin is so is so old that like
you're going to produce it. Like the the
way to stop producing natural melatonin
would be aging. That reduces it. But to
my knowledge, there is no data that
shows that continual use of
supplementary melatonin changes or or
reduces your ability to naturally
produce it at night.
Well, with that said, are there any
other I mean, I've heard of a variety of
supplements like magnesium, lavender,
glycine, elenine.
Any I mean, you know, moderate evidence
that some of these work. So a lot a lot
of them have evidence that they are
definitely not nothing. Um none of them
have beaten placebo to treat insomnia.
The closest that came was Valyrian. Um
but when you pull the data it still
doesn't beat insomnia placebo for
insomnia. It can but it is sedating. It
can be calming. Um magnesium also does
seem to promote sleep in a number of
different ways actually more than just
one way. um doesn't treat in doesn't
usually treat insomnia, but it can help
promote sleep. Glycine, also great data
on glycine showing that people who take
glycine, it can help um fall asleep,
help stay asleep a little bit better. Um
a lot of these supplements, it can help
you fall asleep and stay asleep a little
bit better. Some of them don't do
anything to sleep per se, but they work
in terms of calming. So calming isn't
sleepinducing, though, for people who
don't have insomnia. Because if you have
conditioned arousal, you can be calm and
still not sleep. But for people for whom
a little bit of calming and relaxation
is really helpful, that's where things
like the alenine and some of these other
more calming thing like the chamomile
and some of that stuff that can be
calming can actually be helpful. um even
if they don't actually technically do
anything on the sleep side. Um other
things that can help promote sleep,
things that have anti-inflammatory and
and antioxidating properties.
Remember, your body's doing a lot of
that healing at night. And so, if you
can help give it those raw materials, so
this is where there's c certain
supplements out there that actually seem
to be um seem to have some of those
those anti-inflammatory properties and
when you take them, you might be
sleeping better. I mean, when people
take ibuprofen, they can also sleep a
little bit better because like it it it
those awakenings and and arousals due to
discomfort might be just a little bit
less and might help you sleep through
the night a little bit more. Um there's
a few things like but that's the
difference where where just because
something is not nothing doesn't mean it
is a cure all. It's like not black and
white. A lot of these supplements can be
helpful. I recommend them for all of the
things that they do, but I also
recommend them for none of the things
that they don't do. And I think there's
a gray area that I think people have a
hard time wrapping their head around.
Yeah. No, we're I'm definitely not
talking about insomnia. And you know,
some people just like to have a little
bit of help and
glycine is interesting. That's one I've
been interested in. And have you seen
any of the thermal regulation stuff on
that? Like
I haven't seen the thermal regulation
stuff. poor body temperature,
but it seem so so it's unclear to me
whether that's a cause or an effect,
right?
But but either way, does it matter if
that's what you're taking it for?
It's more of a GABA inhibi like more of
that inhibitory.
Yeah, it does it does seem to promote
that those inhibitory. So, a lot of
people who are taking workout
supplements at night for recovery, like
take one that's if you're taking aminos
at night, branch chain amino acids in
general could be good for recovery,
especially after training. And and if
it's got some extra glycine in it, all
the better. But if it's got a lot of
glutamine in it, you want to not be
using that because glutamine is act is
is activated. And so, I mean, I've had
athletes I've worked with who like
complain complained about their
insomnia. Turns out they're taking these
nighttime supplements with a whole bunch
of glutamine in it. And that's sort of
what's counter that's that's what's
getting in their way. So, it's not just
about supplements at night that can be
helpful. It's avoiding stuff that can
get away like B12. B vitamins are good
to take at night because they can help
with recovery. B12
help boosts the ability of light to
suppress melatonin. You don't want to
take that at night. You want to take
that in the morning. B12 is great in the
mornings. It can help wake you up a
little more for a bunch of reasons,
including its ability to help me light
suppress melatonin, but you don't want
it at night when even a little bit of
light can get start getting in the way.
Fascinating. So, take your multivitamin
in the morning, not in the evening.
Yeah. If if I I I have I have this dream
one day of having like an AM vitamin and
a PM vitamin where like some stuff might
be better at night. Like you want to if
if sleep is all about recovery and
repair, put those raw materials in play
at the time you want to use them. if
they're going to degrade or you could
just take them in the morning if they're
going to hang out all day anyway.