Everybody makes the same mistake when it
comes to driver. Everyone sort of gets
the golf ball on the tea. They move the
ball further forward. They do a big
rotation behind the ball. They try and
stay back and you get stuck. And from
this type of position, all you can do is
sort of throw cast the club onto the
back of the golf ball. Driver
is from a swing perspective no different
in terms of what your intention should
be trying to do. Now, the movement that
the professional golfers do so much
better than amateur golfers is in the
start of the down swing. So, a
professional golfer knows that once
they've established the back swing
position, they need to make sure that
this left hip moves back as I'm
demonstrating here. Now, what happens in
the back swing position is you create
what is known as a left side bend. Okay?
So, when we turn the upper body first,
it kind of tilts the spine towards the
left. So effectively I do this and then
I sort of turn like this. Now as I start
my down swing by pulling my left hip
back means that I momentarily maintain
this left side bend. If I kind of move
this way and this way you end up in a
right side bend. And this might look
relatively harmless from this
perspective but if I was to mimic the
same movements from the side on. If I go
to the golfer who's in right side bend.
So the way you thrust forward, you have
to hit it with a sort of scoopy or
throwing or casting action. If I sort of
start my down swing with a left hip back
move, you can see the way now I can
straighten my arm down on towards the
back of the golf ball. So the big move
that's going to make you really good
with driver is straighten the arm. If I
can straighten my arm, that gives me
whip and that means I can hit drives. If
I move this way, I can't straighten my
arms. It's going into the wrong
direction, which means I have to hit it
with the scoop. So, when you are next
using driver, you have to make sure that
when you start that down swing position,
you pull the left hip back. And if you
sort of just have a little bit of a
feeling and just do a few little mini
versions of what that feels like. See
what I'm doing here? I'm over the ball
like so. Not this. This. Once you start
to move that way, you can straighten
that arm and it will make a huge, huge
difference.