October is officially upon us and has
yet to disappoint. Check it out. On day
one, right on October 1st, Bitcoin
literally teleported from 114,000 all
the way to $118,000 and broke through
that $120,000 resistance level at the
time of this video. On the weekly using
the moneyline indicator tool, so long as
we stay above $104,000, we are still in
a bull market. It will continue to rage
on for the foreseeable future, and all
coins are starting to simmer and pop. Is
this the moment we've all been
impatiently waiting for? Since Bitcoin
technically flipped into a bullish trend
back in January of 2023, over two and a
half years ago, if it is indeed the
moment we've all been waiting for, it is
extremely important for us to pay
attention, stick to our guns, stay
focused, be diligent. This is more
likely than not from a probabilistic
standpoint, a once- ina-lifetime
opportunity to make generational wealth
in a relatively short period of time if
we play our cards right over the next
few months into the end of the year.
Historically, when this part of the
Bitcoin and crypto market cycle plays
out, it is quick. It is fast.
Unfortunately, for every winner, there
is a loser in this game. So, please,
fam, take heed and listen up. Most
people are going to lose money. Most
people will either stay on the sidelines
and never enter the market. Most people
are going to buy at the top and get
wrecked. Most people are going to watch
gains multiply on their phone screens,
never sell, never take profit, and get
wrecked. So, let's explore how we can be
the minority. How we can take advantage
of our dot moment and change the
trajectory of our financial futures
together by learning what altcoins to
buy, when to buy, and when to sell for
profit. Hello, I'm Krypto Casey, and in
this video, we are going to learn two
super simple, easy, straightforward ways
we can all make money in the
cryptocurrency markets during the rest
of this bull cycle together. Let's hit
it.
Please be sure to check out our
sponsors, Tangum Wallet, Go Baby Trade,
and Uphold. Completely own, control, and
protect your digital assets with Tangum
Wallet. It's a must-have wallet for
everyone invested in the crypto space,
beginners and experts alike. It's
extremely affordable, super easy to use,
only takes like 90 seconds to set up,
and we can literally do everything in
the crypto world with it. Buy, sell,
swap, stake, use DeFi, all with a simple
tap of a card to our phone. If we are
not harnessing the power of AI and
crypto, we are leaving a ton of easy
money on the table. Go Baby Trade is an
AIdriven robotic trader that generates
passive profits for us by taking
advantage of market volatility. As long
as prices go up and down, it makes us
money. It's a super simple set and
forget investment strategy. And now that
the bull market is heating up, this
thing is going into overdrive. See it in
action in this video and join our free
weekly webinar every Wednesday to learn
all about it and secure your wealth with
Uphold, the trusted money and crypto
management platform that actually holds
our crypto and cash 100% reserved. It's
connected to over 30 underlying
exchanges, so we get the best prices for
crypto on the market with a lot more
liquidity for trading. And when we trade
$100, we get $20 free. So, scroll down
and use links below to redeem all the
special offers they have for us. Sweet.
We are pushing towards this cycle's
peak, which is seeming to possibly be
between 150,000 200,000, maybe more
conservatively, my random wild guess.
And when Bitcoin makes a run to a peak,
it happens in a flash before a crash. We
are entering some turbulent time. So
buckle up. We need to completely remove
emotions from the equation because
emotions are the route to wrecked city.
Happy, sad, greed, fear, hype, any and
all emotions we let interfere with our
strategy will lose us money. If we want
to live long and prosper, we need to
manifest and embrace an inner spock. Our
Vulcan side, ditch the human side. It
will not serve us at all over the next
few months. And here's what's absolutely
fantastic. Naturally, from a content
creation standpoint, these times we are
entering are usually my least favorite
because a lot of new and experienced
people jump in and get obliterated. So,
with that in mind, it can be difficult
to craft messages that effectively
communicate important things to new and
experienced people alike. And my least
favorite topics are usually my most
frequently asked questions. What
altcoins to buy, price predictions,
cycle top predictions, will there be an
altcoin season? How long will altcoin
season last? All of these things are
impossible to predict. So, what is
absolutely fantastic about this
particular cycle is that we now have
access to tools that did not exist in
previous cycles that have been spot-on
at helping us track and react to trends.
So, here's the deal. The only thing we
need to be reacting to is trends. Do not
react to emotions. Do not react to gut
instincts. Do not react to content
creators and market experts. Only react
to datadriven trends. And it's
incredibly easy to do. Now, this has
been my strategy over the past few
years. It involves only two simple,
straightforward tools. It's effortless
and most importantly, it works. Check it
out. Let's say there's an altcoin we are
considering gambling on. This is how we
can decide if and when to buy it and
when to sell it for profit. The money
line indicator tool, which we can get
for a huge discount using the link
below, and it's worth every penny. It
takes the guessing part out of the game.
It has absolutely nailed all of the
bullish and bearish trends throughout
the cycles and it's a mustave if we are
trying to capture gains in this insanely
volatile market. Here's how it works.
Take AIOZ for example. Here's the price
chart. It's currently at 29 cents at the
time of this video. And this pink line
here means that AIOZ is in a bearish
trend. And this flip level here means
that AIOZ won't flip from a bearish
trend into a bullish trend until it
closes out a week above 44. So here's
the simple straightforward strategy. If
or when AIOZ flips into a bullish trend,
that's when you start buying. And if we
implemented this strategy back when AIOZ
flipped into a bullish trend here back
in November 2023 when it was 2 cents and
then rode the bullish trend until it
flipped bearish in June of 2024 at 61
cents and sold, we would have captured a
2,950%
gain. Not bad. Let's take a look at XRP.
It flipped into a bullish trend a couple
of months ago back in July of 2025 and
has been steadily sideways since around
$3. This is a good time to buy XRP as it
recently flipped into a bullish trend.
And it won't flip into a bearish trend
unless it closes out the week below
$2.37. If we had bought some XRP last
time, it flipped from a bearish to a
bullish trend in July 2024 at around 59
and sold when it flipped bearish in
February 2025 at around $2.80, 80 cents,
then we would have captured a 374% gain.
Sweet. Let's check out one more just so
we all get the idea. Here's Avalanche or
AVAX. It just slipped into a bullish
trend the first week of September 2025,
now at about $30 and won't flip bearish
unless it closes a week under $22. This
is a good time to start buying
Avalanche. If we had bought some back in
October 2023 when it had just flipped
bullish at around $11 and then sold it
when it flipped bearish in April 2024 at
around $50, we would have captured a
354% gain. Amazing. So, the answer to
the most common questions I receive,
what altcoin should I buy and when
should I sell it? Use the money line
indicator tool to buy an altcoin. any
altcoin that recently flipped from a
bearish trend to a bullish trend and
sell it when it flips back into a
bearish trend. Do not have a certain
price target in mind for when to sell an
altcoin. That's just a blind guess.
Always just follow the trend because
this tool is using data that we wouldn't
even be able to effectively use
ourselves even if we were full-time
traders. And most of us are not. Most of
us have jobs, spouses, kids, pets, we
watch sports, TV series, we have
hobbies, we sleep. We do not have the
time, resources, knowledge, and quite
frankly, the capacity to even come close
to competing with the computational
power and sheer amount of data the money
line indicator uses to flag bullish and
bearish trends. So, another common
question I receive can also be answered
using the moneyline indicator tool. When
will the bull cycle end? Easy. When
Bitcoin flips into a bearish trend?
Sure, there are bearish fakeouts here
and there which we need to consider and
pay attention to like here in August
2023, August 2024, in March 2025.
However, we can see this bull cycle
started back in January 2023 when
Bitcoin flipped bullish after the last
bare market. And here is the last cycle.
Bitcoin flipped bullish around March
2020. There was a bearish fake out
around June 2021 until the final blowoff
top here in November 2021 before it
flipped bearish for the next couple of
years. So the money line is a gamecher.
It makes this game much easier, simpler,
takes the guessing and stress out of the
equation. And at the end of the day, if
we aren't using tools to give us an edge
in this market, this market will eat us
alive. Scroll down and use link below to
redeem the huge discount we get for our
community to increase our chances of
making and securing gains throughout the
rest of this bull cycle and beyond. All
right, the second tool we can use to
make money in the crypto markets,
believe it or not, is even less work. In
fact, we don't really need to do
anything. It's a set it and forget it
passive income generator that uses AI,
artificial intelligence, to decide when
to buy and sell our crypto for profit,
which we touched on at the beginning of
this video. It's called Go Baby Trade,
and it's an AI powered robotic crypto
trader. The way it works is simple. It
automatically trades crypto for us and
generates consistent passive income by
taking advantage of the up and down
price action of the crypto markets. As
long as crypto prices go up and down, it
takes advantage of that volatility by
taking profits. I've been using it since
January 2024 and it's made me more money
in crypto than manually buying low and
trying to sell high, especially during
the slow buildup of the bull cycle where
it's difficult to make money. And now
that the bull cycle is heating up, this
thing is about to go into overdrive. It
actually has only been trading crypto
since the past bare market. This will be
its first true crypto bull cycle. I
mean, even before the bull run, here is
a report showing the top traders up 477%
255% 206% all completely passive. Even
with smaller initial investments of
around $1,000 can make a huge difference
over time. It's not a get-rich quick
deal. It's a nice steady get-rich
overtime investment product. It comes
with a three-year license. And if this
$1,300 initial investment tripled over
the past year in this sideways market,
imagine if it performed the same and now
in the bull run likely a lot better in 3
years this trader could more likely than
not generate at least $10,000 of profit.
It's truly incredible. And sure, sounds
crazy. However, we have been undergoing
an extraordinary technological
revolution over the past few decades
since the dawn of the internet.
Smartphones landing rockets on platforms
in the ocean. Chat GBT. And now with
hyper acceleration and exponential
growth engines with artificial
intelligence, we can compete on par with
big players. We can capitalize on the
volatility of the crypto markets at
large just like institutional and
professional traders and make passive
income. Because check it out. When we
log into our Coinbase account to buy,
sell, and trade crypto, we see basic
price information. Like right here we
see the current price of Bitcoin which
is also referred to as the best price as
it relates to the best bid price which
is the highest buy price, the best ask
price, the lowest sell price and the
last traded price. And this is called
level one data which is free and widely
available to everyone on level one
screens which is our trading dashboard
on crypto exchanges. And as the term
level one suggests, there is deeper
market data used by institutional and
professional investors called level two
data which is accessed on level two
screens. And it gives them real time
access to the order book for
cryptocurrencies where in addition to
seeing the best price available to us,
they can also see pending buy and sell
orders at various price levels along
with how many tokens are involved in
each order, which makes them privy to
the overall market supply and demand
beyond just the current price. So
basically institutional and professional
players can see the depth of the market
which means they know how many orders
exist at each price level and this lets
them one spot large orders that could
move the market like a big buy order at
a higher price. Signaling potential
price increases. Two, anticipate price
changes by seeing if there are more buy
or sell orders, helping them time their
trades better. and three, understand
liquidity, helping them avoid situations
where there aren't enough buyers or
sellers, which can affect trade
execution. For example, they may see
many buy orders above the current price.
So, they buy knowing that the price is
more likely than not going to rise,
while we retail investors miss the gains
or in other cases, we are left holding
their bags. We are up against big
players that know exactly what's going
on in the market. So, in crypto, we can
actually access level two data with
Coinbase and Coin API. However,
realistically, what are we going to do
with it? We're going to sit at our
computer for hours watching trading data
trying to compete with institutional and
professional traders? Yeah, not
realistic. Even if we started learning
how to trade right now, one year from
now, we have one year of experience. 5
years from now, 5 years of experience,
while up against decades of trading
experience just now, today. Meanwhile,
Go Baby Trade has been trained with over
25 years of level two market data,
programmed by one of the first employees
at Microsoft with over 50 years of
programming experience. It used to be
applied to stocks, still is, now it's
applied to crypto. So, for the first
time ever in crypto, we can get an
institutional level edge in the crypto
markets. And like many others, since we
first explored it in a video back in
August 2024, after personally rigorously
vetting and testing it out, we've been
making more money in the crypto markets
than just buying and selling altcoins.
And as of the beginning of this year,
2025, I've started using it to dollar
cost average and to amazing average
Bitcoin price points. To learn more
about how the DCA function works, check
out this video guide by clicking on the
link above. And from our weekly webinars
every Wednesday, many of y'all have
started using it to DCA into XRP, which
is cool. So, if you're extremely
skeptical like I was, join us on our
webinars every week on Wednesdays except
holidays, where we walk through every
aspect of The Trader, answering any and
all questions we may have, and basically
gather all the information we would need
to understand how it generates passive
income and why it is an incredible
addition to our overall investment
strategy. Amazing. This is our time,
fam. Q4 is heating up and it's going to
get wild here soon. Traditional finance
is on its way out, so we need to stay
ahead of the curve together. Another
important step we all need to take as
crypto investors is by adopting the next
generation of finance that will replace
corrupt inefficient traditional banking
by signing up for a free account with
Uphold. It's an amazing onchain wealth
management platform we can use to buy
and sell crypto that is better than
traditional centralized exchanges
because it is connected to over 30
underlying exchanges allowing us to buy
crypto at the best possible prices on
the market. It gives us a lot more
liquidity when trading and when we trade
our first $100 we get $20 free. Unlike
other exchanges, it actually keeps our
crypto back to 1 one. It doesn't lend it
out or anything. And Uphold also keeps
our cash 100% backed one:1 where we can
get 4.5% APY in a $2.5 million FDIC
insured US dollar savings account. We
can sign up for free in less than 60
seconds. So, be sure to scroll down and
use link below to start getting into
altcoin positions now before altcoin
season takes off. So, if you would like
to learn more about how we can use AI to
make passive profits in crypto from the
constant up and down price action with
Go Baby Trade, check out this video. If
you would like to learn how the next
generation of banking with Uphold is a
way better and safer option for storing
our money and managing crypto than banks
and exchanges, check out this video. And
to sign up for a free Uphold account,
click on the link on the screen. Like
and subscribe for more. Be safe out
there.