So to hit driver straight, this is
exactly what you need to do before every
single swing. One drive straight down
the middle, the next lost in the trees.
For most golfers, hitting driver
straight feels like luck. But here's the
truth. Straighter drives don't start in
your golf swing, they start before it.
So, if you're new to the channel,
welcome. I'm Harry. I'm a golf swing
specialist, and I started this channel
to help as many golfers as I possibly
can from across the globe improve their
games. So, if you'd like me to help you,
I'd recommend clicking that subscribe
button and also turning the bell icon to
all so you get notified every single
upload I make. So, take a look at these
two setup positions here on the screen
now. And watch my swing. My swing
doesn't change at all compared to one
and the other. And the main difference,
if we were to rewind that back to the
setup position, is how my trail arm, my
right arm sets up before I even make my
golf swing. One of them we can see here
the elbow facing towards the side on
camera angle whereas the other one we
can see it faces directly towards the
body. Now the one facing towards the
camera angle caused my golf ball to
slice way off to the right making it
difficult for me with the second shot.
Whereas the second driver, the one with
the elbow facing towards me, as you can
see there, exactly the same swing, but I
was able to hit it plum straight down
the middle, leaving myself a pretty
simple second shot here. So, the
difference between these two here, the
trail arm and the way it's set is going
to make or break your driver golf swing
and help you hit straighter T- shots if
you get it right. Now, let me explain
why. If you have a look at any tour
player, you watch them on tour and you
see them from this face on view. They'll
set up to the golf ball with this arm
set in a way that allows them to move in
the golf swing, set the club into all
the great positions for power,
consistency, and accuracy. And they're
able to get themselves into these
positions because they are set up at the
setup position in a way that allows for
the rest of that golf swing to take
place. and we take a look at a lot of
amateur golfers or students that have
come and see me, a lot of them will set
up with this elbow facing away. So, when
I take this club back, I can only go so
far on plane here before it starts to
feel awkward. I either have to start
picking up the golf club and we get this
disconnection here or I continue
rotating and my swing gets way too flat.
And those reactions in that golf swing
are what's going to cause loads of
inconsistencies taking place. If we can
allow this arm to set the club as we
make our way into the back swing more
naturally, that's going to make things
much easier to bring it straight down
and to get the driver straight into the
back of the golf ball with a squared
face. So, the trail arm controls the
positions. The trail arm sets the club
into the positions and if it's out of
position from the start, it makes it so
much harder to achieve a reliable golf
swing. So, before you make your next
golf swing with driver, this is what I
want you to do. this routine right here.
So, it's going to start off with you
taking your trail arm out in front of
you with the palm facing towards the
ground. This here is that internally
rotated position where we see the elbow
facing away from the body. We want to
see this now go into more of the
externally rotated position. So, this
here, all I'm doing is I'm rotating my
hand over until it faces upwards. Just
by doing that, simply me focusing up
what my hand does, it completely changes
the way my arm sets during this
movement. We can see there it goes from
internally rotated like this here to
externally rotated. So now when I take
the club out in front of me, all I'm
going to do to make sure I grip onto the
golf club here is just twist my wrist
and see if I can keep my elbow facing
down. If the elbow continues to face
down with an ever so slight flex
position here, as you can see, we're in
business. That's the right position.
That's going to allow you to set the
club beautifully during the golf swing.
So, I'm going to take it just like this
here and grip onto the golf club. Just
ensuring that my elbows here stays
tucked in front of the body, not to the
side. I'm making sure when I do this
movement here, it's tucking in front of
the body when I set up to the golf ball.
Then it's all about trusting the club
and allowing the the arm to to set
correctly and get yourself into the
right positions. If we're so used to
being this way, internally rotated to
the elbow facing away, we're more likely
to do this, aren't we? So, this here is
a complete change in your golf swing.
So, what I would recommend here, just as
a bonus tip, is just to ensure that
you're keeping your trail arm tucked
into the body. Now, to do this, I'm
going to do something simply by taking a
head cover, or you can use a towel,
whatever works best for you. Just have
something that's thick enough to place
underneath the top of your trail arm,
just like this here. Now, when I'm
tucking this in, I'm just ensuring that
at first I go through this routine. I'm
having the arm out in front of me, and
I'm placing this head cover here or
towel directly in front of my chest
muscle here. If it's to the side, we're
gonna get stuck. We don't want that in
the golf swing. We want to keep this
nice and free during the golf swing
itself. I'm going to twist my hand back
over to grip like so. So, what I'm
focused on here during my golf swing now
is simply keeping that towel tucked in.
Now, that's allowing my right arm to set
into great positions here, whilst my
lead arm, my left arm, stays nice and
straight during the entire motion. So,
how you should feel this arm working in
the golf swing is getting ever so
slightly folded, gradually, gradually
falling all the way up to the top of the
golf swing. As simple as that. As long
as you commit to the shot, you will see
straighter golf shots just like that
one. This setup part here will set you
up for success, but if your arm isn't
working properly during the swing, you
could slip right back into old habits.
That's why I would like to recommend you
watching this video over on the right
hand side of your screen here. And be
sure to click that subscribe button and
the bell button as well if you've
enjoyed watching this video and have
come this far. It helps me produce more
content like this every single week. I'm
looking forward to showing you what's in
store. Well, thanks for watching and
we'll see you over in that video