Right then, remote golf trolley is an
incredibly popular new gadget on the
market. I'm seeing loads of these out on
golf courses at the minute. And last
time I did this video about three years
ago, I only really had three, maybe four
to talk about that I thought were
worthwhile. This year, I've got eight.
So, the market has expanded quite vastly
uh in the last couple of years, and
that's great. So, I've got three
categories I'm going to split up this
test into today. Uh the best value
remote trolley, cuz there's a few value
ones that have come out over the last
year or so. uh the best with GPS.
There's a couple with integrated GPS
that are worth talking about. And then
what I think are the best actual remote
experience, like the physical use of the
remote trolley, which is the best there.
Right, let's get started. I'm going to
start with best value. Right then, best
value and best value is under £1,000.
That's the market. Don't have a go at
me. I know that's a lot of money for a
lot of people, but if you're in the
market for it, this is the cheapest and
best you're going to find. Two options
here. Stuart V10 remote and Motorcaddy
ME remote. I'll start with the Stuart
V10 and the RRP of that is,100 or,200
quid, but I know this is often on sale
for either $9.99 or even $8.99. So,
check around shopping periods. I know
you can catch this for under a,000. Now,
it strikes quite a big pose, isn't it?
It's it's pretty out there. This is
basically a combination of Stuart's old
chassis. You remember the classic ones
you saw back in the day with its latest
and greatest technology. Uh, I'll start
with what I like about it. The remote
experience is superb. I love the wide
wheelbase. It makes it really steady
over the ground. And as with all Stewart
products, the remote experience is
always top top notchotch. It's got the
latest uh ATC control under it, which
basically means as it goes up a hill or
down a hill, it will maintain the speed
you set it at. It's never going to run
away from you. And as I said, that wide
wheelbase makes it really, really easy
to control. Um, so that's what I love
about it. There are a few things I don't
love about it. So bear these in mind.
This is just my opinion. But to live
with, it's just a little awkward. Like
look at the size of it. It is huge. Uh,
it doesn't fold down very small. Um,
it's not very heavy, admittedly. I know
it looks like a bit of a bulky thing,
but it's not very heavy, but to carry it
in and out the car is really awkward.
You got to sort of hold it like a child.
And it it's just a little more awkward
than some of the other ones you'll see
today. Um, taking the battery out, it's
a little fiddly. You got to take the
whole bonnet off to put the battery in.
And just that sort of daytoday quality
of life, taking it in and out the car,
all that stuff is a little awkward with
it. It also doesn't have an anti-tip
rear wheel. It has this sort of just
sort of nub, which is fine and does stop
the trolley from tipping over, but I
don't really understand why Stuart just
didn't put a wheel there to allow it
when it does get caught on a bit of a
hill just to move off. For $899, if you
can find it at that price, that is
brilliant for a Stuart product cuz you
are getting an exemplary remote uh
functionality trolley, but yeah, just to
live with. It's a little big. It's a
little out there. It's not to
everybody's taste, I don't think.
Certainly not to mine, unfortunately.
So, what I would point you toward and
the winner of my best value is this. The
Moto Caddy ME remote at $999 under 100
under,000 for remote trolley is
brilliant. And what you're getting here
is a excellent remote trolley, but with
much better quality of life and folding
and just ease of use than the Stuart Moy
trolley fold up really small. As part of
the M series, these things are
remarkably compact. It's got a stand on
it, which is really useful, which means
it can stand up on its own, which I know
doesn't sound like a lot, but when
you're living with this day-to-day and
trying to put it in out your car and
leave it in the garage or whatever,
having a trolley that just stands up on
its own, isn't falling everywhere, it
makes you feel better. I don't know how
to describe that. I'm sure those who
have used these before will get that.
Um, it's pretty basic, you know, there's
nothing on the handle other than a dial.
Um, the battery still got a wire, which
is a little bit prehistoric nowadays,
but that's fine. And listen, you're
getting a cheaper trolley here. Um, but
the remote's excellent. And what else
has it got? USB charging, which is kind
of helpful as well if you need to charge
the remote or anything. Um, and actually
something that I just thought of
literally now is that the Stewart you
can only use in remote mode. There's no
way of flipping to handheld if you're
over a bridge or you're through a car
park or something. The Mo Caddy you can
go from the remote here into handheld
because you've got the dial on the
handle. So that's something to bear in
mind as well. So, if you're in the
market, if you want to be part of this
remote trolley revolution we're seeing,
I'm seeing loads out on courses at the
minute, but you want to spend as little
as possible and get the best experience,
these are your two options. If you're
not worried about the size and how much
how slightly well massive this thing is,
great option, superb remote. If you want
something a bit more compact, a little
bit easier to live with in my opinion,
go for the Mo Caddy. Right. My next
category uh and pick a winner in is best
remote GPS. Now, you'll see a lot of
people who and a lot of remote trolley.
You want the full package here, right?
You get the remote, you get the trolley,
and you get an inbuilt GPS. It's the
full experience really. I've got three
to talk about. Only got one here with me
today. And I'll start with this one.
It's the Mo Caddy M7 GPS. Now, uh this
is a couple of reasons why I love this.
Number one is the actual chassis itself
is brilliant. The battery self
disconnects as you fold it up and
reveals the charging port. So, you can
just charge the battery directly from
the chassis, which I love. I think it
looks really sleek and again because
it's part of that M series spoke about
in the ME. Folds really compact. The
wheels invert. It stands up on its own.
It's so easy to live with. That goes for
any Mo Caddy remote trolley. So
something to bear in mind if you're
shopping in this market. Uh the GPS big
improvements. It hasn't actually
physically changed, but full mapping is
now included for free. They used to
charge you for that subscription
service. I never loved that. I'm really
glad they got rid of it. And it means as
soon as you open this thing, it's got
the full works, right? Touchcreen is
excellent. Graphics are excellent. The
full hole mapping is so useful if you're
playing different courses. Uh dynamic
green view, so it's got the actual shape
of the green on it instead of something
just generic. You can drag and drop the
pin. You can drag and drop positions on
the hole for layups. It's really
intuitive and really easy.
Unfortunately, I say unfortunately in
most caddy sense, it's been superseded
by Power Caddy this year. So, I'll talk
about uh two Power Caddy products, the
RX10 GPS and the RX12 GPS. Now, I only
tested the RX12 GPS, but they're
essentially the same product. It's not
here with me today, unfortunately. It's
back with Power Caddy. Uh but what this
has got is a 5 in, which is huge
portrait touchscreen. And changing that
uh orientation from landscape on the
Motor Caddy to portrait on the Power
Caddy, I didn't think it would be that
big a deal, but as soon as I got the
Power Caddy out on the course, it was a
huge change. It just makes a lot more
sense, doesn't it? Cuz you play a golf
hole essentially in portrait mode. So
you can see more of the hole. The fact
it's 5 in over the three and a half of
the Mo Caddy, you got more screen to
look at. It was really vivid, really
vibrant. Touchscreen quality of like
your iPhone, which is excellent as well.
And for me, that just completely
elevated the GPS experience. And I
almost can't see a good GPS now on a
trolley, whether remote or not, that
isn't portrait. it just make 10 it makes
10 times more sense. Uh so you got the
RX12 with a 5 in screen and the RX10 has
a I think three and a half 3.8 in
touchscreen. Uh about a 200 pound
difference between those two. So if
you're squeezing on budget but still on
that portrait screen, that's where the
RX10 comes in. Um the Power Caddy
itself, it looks great. Um the remote
experience between the Mo Caddy and the
Power Caddy, I can't tell the
difference. There isn't one that's
discernably better than the other. Um,
but when we're talking about out andout
GPS, that portrait screen on the Power
Caddy is a complete game changer. And
for me, that's why if you're in the
market for a remote trolley with a GPS,
I'd go for the RX12. Right. My final
category is going to talk about just the
best remote experience out of all of
these. If you're in the market for
remote trolley and just want a good
remote trolley, here we go. Right. So,
Stuart going to feature quite
prominently here, but I got two others
to talk about. The first is a fun one,
right? The Alfard Cyber Cart. The remote
experience of this thing was outrageous.
Absolutely probably a bit better than
the motor caddies and power caddies.
Keeps right up with the Stewarts for the
out and-out remote experience. It was
super intuitive, easy to control, rapid.
It had a decent remote on it. And for
£1249
here in the UK, a decent competitor to
these guys if you can get over the fact
it does unfortunately just look a bit
ridiculous. Um, I'd look out for Alfred
because they've clearly got some really
good remote technology in the guts of
the trolley, right? They just can't
quite get the design cues right just
yet. They've also got what's called the
Club Booster V2, which I spoke about in
my video two or three years ago, which
I'll link to, which basically is the
rear chassis of a trolley, remote
controlled, that you can turn any of
your push carts or corresponding push
carts that they match up with into a
remote trolley. Now, this is about £800
in the UK and there's a great should
have print the value section perhaps
value option here um to look out for
from Outf as well. Again, a little bit
complex. Design cues aren't great. It's
just a little bit uncultured, but
another great option. Look out for Outf.
I think they're going to figure that out
in the years to come. Uh more good
remote experiences. Motorcaddy. Now, the
M7 remote. So, we had M7 GPS, which is
this with GPS in it. We had ME, which is
a real back to basics remote trolley.
This sits somewhere in the middle. And I
think if you like the look of the Mo
Caddy trolley, as I've said, to live
with, they are brilliant. Uh, but just
want remote and want it a bit more
flashy than the ME, there's your
product. Right. Really good. Nice
compact remote. I do like the remotes on
the Mo Caddy and folds really easily.
It's got that battery that self
disconnects and is just a joy to live
with. So, if you like looking for a
motor caddy and want the best remote
motorcy, I'd go down the middle
effectively of their line, uh, and go
for the M7 remote. But, it is Stuart
that dominate the category when I'm
talking about best remote, right? These
guys came up with it, well, at least
follow technology about 20 years ago.
And they just do trolley, right,
Stewart? I've been to their factory a
couple of times and it's quite a lot of
fun to go around. They just do remote
trolley and they do them really, really
well. Uh, so I've got two to talk about
here. I'm going to start with the Q
follows. probably what most people know
Stuart for, um, is that follow
technology. Uh, where you put this, the
remote on your back pocket and the
trolley follows you from a safe distance
behind. Uh, a lot of fun. Gives you a
real sense of freedom on the golf course
when you're just walking, clubs are
behind you, and it's just you and the
course. It's very enjoyable. You can
switch between hollow on your back
pocket and remote really easily. Um, and
the same with the Vert.Ex, which I'm
going to speak about in a minute. I love
the folding mechanism of the Stewart.
beats Mo Caddy out just in my opinion
because it's super quick, folds
impressively compact for the size these
things fold out and has a really clever
handle on it that makes it really easy
to lift in and out of your car. And
again, I know it sounds like a really
small thing, but when you're living with
these things, those small details really
add up to make the experience so much
easier with them. Uh, and as with the
V10 I spoke about earlier, what you'll
see in a lot of these trolley, the Alfa,
Power Caddy, Motor Caddy, is a 360
rotating front wheel. Uh, which is great
and it gives it great maneuverability on
a, you know, on a circle on its own,
right? But the wider wheel basease of
these Stewarts just make them that more
stable across ground and I think that
really makes them stand out when I'm
talking about best remote experiences,
right? Um, so that's the Q follow. And
now the vertex here is everything the Q
follow is without the follow. So if you
don't want follow, if you don't feel
like you're going to use that, you don't
want to spend the extra money on follow
because it is a bit dearer, uh the
Vert.Ex is the one for you. It's got the
same chassis, so that same great folding
mechanism I spoke about, really wide
reel base, really stable, and as the
Stuart V10 remote does, that active
terrain control, which basically means
you barely have to touch the remote to
keep it on the same pace in the same
direction. you want, which I think is
what these things are all about. The
last thing you want to be doing with a
remote trolley is having to play the
remote loads and think about, well,
where's my trolley going? Oh god, what
speeds it going at? The whole point of
these things is to try and take away
from that and let you focus on your golf
and enjoy the walk and enjoy your golf
and think about all of that, right? And
that is what the Vertex does
brilliantly. And for me, it's a toss-up
between the Q follow and the Vertex
here, but I just don't end up using
follow that much. I just don't. I do it
every now and again, but not as much as
I'd like to. Therefore, why not go for a
bit cheaper and just use the best remote
trolley, which for me is the Stuart
Vert.ex. So, there we have it then. I
hope that summary of my testing over the
last sort of two or three years. These
things been really helpful. Um,
depending on where you are in the
market, what you're after, whether it's
value, GPS, or just the best remote.
There's your winners. Uh, my winners are
here, apart from the Power Caddy,
obviously, cuz she's not here today. Uh,
but the ME for value, the Vertex for
overall remote experience, and that
Power Caddy GPS really blew me away. So,
well done Power Caddy on that. I'll pick
an overall winner and I'll go for what I
would spend my money on if I was a
punter, right? If I was one of you
watching and it would be really close to
these two because for a value
experience, the ME is just brilliant.
And if you want to start and use a
remote for the first time, great. Go for
it. But that level up into the Vertex
for me is just it's worth that extra
money. folding mechanism, just how
brilliant it is to use day-to-day and
out on the golf course and how little I
have to interact with it makes it the
best remote trolley, if that makes
sense. So, listen, I hope you found that
helpful. As I said, if you like the look
of any of these uh you've seen today,
down in the description some links you
can find them for the best price in your
area. If I've forgotten any or you I
should have given some more love to one
or another, let me know down in the
comments. I'd love to hear from you. But
for now, from a respplendant Fullford
Teeth Golf Club, I'll see you next time.