Most golfers can hit one good drive, but
very few can hit it consistently. Today,
I'm going to show you a simple system to
make your driver reliable. So, you can
finally step on that first tea and know
exactly where your ball's going. Before
we get into it, if I could just ask you
one favor, and it' be hit that subscribe
button. It takes a second to do. It
means you're going to get better at
golf, and you're never going to miss a
video like this. So, let's get into it.
The number one question that I get asked
is, "How do I hit my driver more
consistently?" So, today I'm going to
talk you through some of the simplest
steps that I do personally on the court
to help me hit the ball straight,
consistent, and feel good that I've hit
a good shot. So, starting off with the
setup. Now, the setup is key because
it's the starting point to every single
shot. If you get it right every time,
then you've got a better chance of
hitting your driver more consistent. But
if you're off slightly, then it's going
to be going left and right without you
even knowing why. And it's all down to
this setup. So, first thing, we need to
change our ball position. So, our ball
position must be forward in the stance.
And this is the key number one thing
when it comes to driver because I see so
many golfers with the ball position
still in the center. This going to cause
you to hit down. You're going to go left
to right. Super inconsistent. So, ball
position forward then automatically
angles these shoulders. Can you see how
my lead shoulder is higher than my trail
shoulder? That's going to allow us to
hit up on the ball. So, this ball
position is so key. Next from ball
position is wide stance. If we've got a
narrow stance, well then we're going to
be feeling a little bit not very stable
because this club is so long. So a wide
stance, wider than shoulder width to
make sure we've got that good stable
base. From there, as we've just briefly
mentioned, our shoulders. So our lead
shoulder must be higher than our trail
shoulder. Like I've just shown you, it's
pretty seamless when it comes to ball
position. If we just set our ball
position forward, take a wide stance
with our trail foot. Straight away,
we've got this lovely angled position.
And then from there, our sternum. So,
our sternum for our driver must be
behind the ball. I always imagine my
lead ear is behind the ball. Okay? With
our irons, we're over the ball and we
stay over the ball. But now with our
driver, very unnaturally, we're behind
the ball. And just see where the butt of
my club is pointing just left of my
belly button. We're not forcing it this
way. And we're not forcing it back with
us like this. Okay. So, ball position
forward,
wide stance. We've got our shoulders
angled.
We've got our sternum behind the ball.
And then finally, we just need to make
sure we're stood the correct distance
away because if we're stood too close,
we're going to be stuck. So standing far
away so that our arms hang straight
underneath our nose. We're not too close
and we're not way too far away. This
just gives us a nice distance away and
it allows the weight to be in the balls
of our feet. From there, you've got a
lovely natural bend to the knees. You
don't even need to think about your back
because that just brings it all together
so easily and so nicely. And if you can
have this same setup every time when
we're out on the course, then you're
going to have a lot more consistency
when it comes to our driver. So, let's
give it a go and I'll show you in real
time how it should look.
That was pretty straight and I'll take
that every single day on the golf
course. Step number two, and we're on to
the fact that most golfers will see the
ball flying left and right, not know
why, and get super frustrated with
themselves when they're on the golf
course. So, this is another step, and
it's all about tea height and body
alignment that you can get right before
you even hit the ball, and it's going to
send the ball nice and straight. So,
first off, we must think about tea
height. So, I use a pink casualty, which
allows me to have the same height every
time. You can get different colors of
these, but for me, I use the pink one.
And this is going to allow the ball to
fly at consistent height every time.
It's not going to go too high. It's not
going to go too low. This helps me with
every single shot, and this allows me to
be super consistent. From there, then
we're going to go on to body alignment
because body alignment is one of the
most underrated things when it comes to
driver. Because with driver, we want to
hit it so far. We want to hit it so
good, especially if we're on the first
tea or we're trying to outdrive someone.
But this almost you almost forget about
the basics when it comes to body
alignment. So, we've gone through so
much detail and body alignment in other
videos. So, we're going to keep this
quite short for you today to go back to
when you're on the course. You need
something quick to look at. This is what
we need to think of. So, first thing is
target. It sounds silly, but we're not
always going for the target because
sometimes the target could be 500 yards
up the fairway. So, our target for this
shot is we're going to aim for the
middle of the fairway. Okay? Danger's
left, dangers right. So, all I'm
focusing on is going straight up the
middle of the fairway. From there, as
we've mentioned in our other videos,
we've got our immediate target, which is
also on line with the end target. We
then set our club head first. So, we
don't set our feet and then our club
head because look how offline we are.
We're going to set our feet parallel to
the target in the distance. Okay? Okay.
So, imagine we've got two train tracks.
The ball is one train track. Our feet is
the second. These two should never meet.
And if they do, that's when the ball's
going to go left and right. Okay? So,
feet parallel to the ball.
Then, we're just going to take our
stance. From there, our hips and our
shoulders should also be parallel to the
ball, too, which is straight away going
to be allowing you to aim perfect to our
target. So, club head goes first. Let's
aim the club head straight up to the
middle of the fairway. From there, we're
going to set our feet
parallel to the ball, our hips, our
shoulders parallel to the ball. And
straight away, as easy as that sounds,
we've got the perfect body alignment.
All because we set our club head down
first. And that's how easy it can be.
But it's also very easy to forget. So
refer back to this when you're on the
course. Remember, club head goes first
on line with our target, feet,
shoulders, hips, and we're ready to go.
Okay, so let's give this a go now. And
all I'm thinking of is the target up the
middle of the fairway.
That was really good. It went super
straight and it just allowed me to take
any negative thoughts out just thinking
of that target in the distance. And now
the third and final step is tempo. Tempo
is one of the most common things that I
see golfers get wrong, especially when
they're under pressure. Again, they're
wanting to outdrive the playing partners
or they're wanting to hit the ball far.
But getting tempo wrong actually makes
the swing worse. It makes the shots fly
so inconsistent. It just gives you such
a negative feel because you feel like
you're swinging as fast as you can, but
it goes left and right, top, thin, just
not straight. So, when it comes to
tempo, again, we've gone through this in
so much detail in other videos, but
right now, I'm going to give you a quick
thing to think of when you're on the
course and you feel like your swing just
doesn't feel right. It doesn't feel in
sync. So, my go-to when I'm on the
course is I feel the one, two, three
tempo drill. And this is something you
can do without telling anyone you're
doing it. You can do it in your own
head. You can add it to your pre-shot
routine. And all it goes like is we
count to one, two. Two gets you to the
top of the swing and three is down. So
one, two, three.
One, two, three. Okay. So where I see
most golfers going wrong is they go one,
two, three, or one, two, trying to just
hit it as fast as they can. But as I
say, it's going to send the sequence
out. So, you're going to be hitting it
left, right, and you're going to be
really frustrated. So, again, the beauty
of this, you can do it in your own head.
You don't even have to say it out loud.
And it just allows you to feel so calm,
present, and it takes any negative
thoughts out. So, again, let's give this
a go. I'm going to say one, two, three
in the mind, and let's send this up the
middle of the fairway.
really nice. So, when the swing's
feeling off or you're under pressure,
just add that to part of your pre-shot
routine and just see how good your shots
become. So, next time you're on the
course and you're just wanting to get
some consistency with your drives, go
back to this video and just see how
present, how calm, and how confident
you'll feel with those consistent
drives. And if you took value from
today's video, then I'd really
appreciate it if you could hit that
subscribe button. It means you'll never
miss a video like this. You'll get
better at golf. And the bigger the
channel, the bigger the videos. So, hit
subscribe and I'll see you in the next