Hey, welcome to Yes Golf channel. Thanks
for joining us today. We're going to
dive into the common mistakes that
golfers make when choosing a shaft of
their clubs. Uh we are here in La Habra,
California, and we get to fit a lot of
golfers, all variety of golfers from
beginners to advanced players. And one
of the common things that we see is we
see an inconsistency
when it comes to the shaft weight and
flex of most of our golfers bags. So I
just want to lay a gr groundwork of the
basis for which you can use when you are
ordering or when you're purchasing a
golf club. And let me just start right
off the bat with a big stick, right? The
driver, if you look at the the stock
shaft weight and and flex on on a
driver, usually it's around 50 g to 60
g. So if you look at a Ping, it comes in
the 50 g range. If you look at
Tailormade or Titalist, Callaway, they
have a choice between 50 gram and a 60.
So, you can choose whatever you would
like there. But the mistake comes from
when you are ordering or purchasing a
3-wood and a fivewood or even a 7wood.
So, from a driver, it's the basic rule
is that you add a 10 g to whatever you
whatever weight you are using for your
driver shaft. So, if you're using a 50
gram driver shaft, you should use a 60 g
3-wood. And on a fivewood, you can use
the same 60 g. And on a sevenwood, you
can actually go a 10 grams heavier on
that one. You can stay in the 60 grams.
That's okay. But as the gradually the
club the shaft gets shorter the club
gets shorter you want to add some weight
so you can get a nice progression of the
weight class. So again the driver let's
say say you start at a 50 g the fairway
woods generally should stay around 60 to
65 grams and on a hybrid the general
rule is you add another 10 grams to
that. So the the hybrid would be about
70 g or 75 gram if you use a 50 g driver
shaft. Same goes if you are using a 60 g
shaft and you like that you can go to 70
g on the fairway woods and 80 g on the
hybrid. So natural progression is 10
grams heavier on your top end of the
club from driver woods and hybrids. Now
let's talk about the flex. When it comes
to flex, stock shafts um can vary a lot,
but if you stay around one general brand
and if you are on a borderline between
stiff and a regular, it is okay to go
generally stay the same flex, obviously
that's the best. But if you feel like
you're hitting driver um a little bit
faster because you're hitting up on the
ball and because the the the ball is on
a tee, I have seen to go up a strength
or up a flex when it comes to only the
driver. So, let's say you are using a
regular flex uh all throughout your set,
including the irons, but you feel like
driver, driver is your weapon, and you
can really go at it harder, it is
generally okay to go with a stiff flex
in that case. Same thing with seniors.
If you're using a senior flex shafts all
throughout your bag, but you feel like
driver, you have a confidence at going
at it a little bit more, it is okay to
go one step up in that. But that's only
the general exception that I would have.
Basically, you want to have a weight
class that is naturally going 10 grams
heavier and a flex that is exactly the
same all throughout the set, except when
you feel like driver, you can go at it a
little harder, then you can go up a flex
and go stronger. So, that's the top end
of the club. But, we have seen a lot of
people make mistakes on the iron and
wedges. Generally, if you take a look
back maybe 10, 15 years ago, all of the
stock shafts, steel shafts on the irons
were dynamic gold shafts. Whether it's
S300, R300,
it has been the dynamic gold that has
been popularized by Tiger Woods, right?
So, those are generally in the air area
of 130 g. 130 g. So wedges were 130 g,
irons were 130 g. So that's okay. Um,
however, nowadays you will see that most
of the stock shaft weight on the steel
shafts have come down a little bit. So
P790, one of the biggest sellers of of
this generation, right? P790 has a 105
gram weight as a stock shaft. However,
what we see from the wedges is that they
have stayed at 130 grams. So, the SM10
of Vokis, the title is Vokis, the new
Opus SP wedges have the 130 g. However,
we think that if you're using a weight
that is in the iron that is about 100,
105, the wedges should have another 10 g
addition to it, not 30 g. So if you go
on a 105, you want to go to a 115 gram
weight. That way it's generally feels
comfortable. Not going from a, you know,
medium weight shaft irons and to going
to a heavy weight wedges. A lot of
people say it's okay to have a heavier
wedge on a heavier shaft on the wedges.
I agree, but not 30 grams heavier,
right? 10 grams heavier usually is a
rule of thumb that works really really
well. Again, if you're using graphite
shafts and you're using maybe 80 80 g
graphite shaft, 70 g graphite shaft or
even 65 g uh shaft, I wouldn't recommend
getting a stock wedges that is 130 grams
in which case it's about two times the
weight of your graphite shafts. going
maybe 20 grams heavier or even 10 grams
le he heavier is okay generally we
recommend that. However, not going 130
gram. So when it comes to wedges I would
really recommend that you go custom.
Custom doesn't cost you additionally. It
just takes a little bit longer time, but
it is way better for you to take maybe
two weeks or so to receive wedges that
kind of progressively matches your irons
rather than going with something shaft,
some shaft that is like a twice the
weight of your iron. So, rule of thumb
again, 10 grams heavier, max 15 to 20
gram, but I wouldn't recommend going 60
grams heavier on the wedges. So, here,
let me summarize all things. Driver,
woods, hybrids, 10 grams there on irons.
Again, another 10 to 15 grams would help
you to have a really nice consistent pro
progression throughout your bag. And one
tip to give to you, uh, when it comes to
buying clubs, if you're not interested
in paying extra for premium shafts, um,
you can still be better at choosing a
stock shaft. So, most of the companies
allow you to choose an aftermarket shaft
or other options of shafts rather um,
rather than just what they put on a
stock shaft. So, for example, Tailormade
has a driver Qi35 core, let's say. Um,
it comes in a 60 g shaft. However, if
you feel like you want to use the Qi35
core driver head but with a lighter
shaft, you can use a Fujicura um the
Ventus
stock version that comes in a 50 grams
or even the Airspeeder that comes in the
Max version that is also a little
lighter and also even more flexible
within the same flex um of the shaft.
So, uh, at our website, yesgolfshop.com,
we have those options as well. So, you
can mix and match. If you want to use a,
uh, a core version or if you want to use
a low spin version, but want to use a
lighter weight shaft at no additional
charge, you can order that. And I
recommend that you do that because
that's going to help you to really pick
what works best for you. That's the best
way to start uh setting up your golf
clubs for success. So again, if you go
to yesgolfshop.com,
generally we list all the nonupcharge
optional shafts there for you so that
you can pick and choose whatever you
would like. Hopefully this was helpful
for you. If you have any questions,
comment below and I would love to answer
those questions for you. Again, we are
here at La Habra, California. If you can
visit us, getting fitted is the best
way. Um, however, if you can't, if
you're uh away from this area, you can
still use yesgolfshop.com to enjoy your
new golf clubs. Thank you so much for
watching. Subscribe so we can get up to
a little bit more subscribers. Thank you
so much and we'll see you on our next
video. Bye.