What's up you guys? I'm Rachel Damita
and welcome to the Courtside Club.
Today's episode is going to be a little
bit different. It's going to be a little
bit more personal, but I feel like
there's so much that I just want to
update you guys on. There's been a lot
going on behind the scenes and I also
want to give you an update on what you
can expect from Courtzside Club.
Obviously, we are in WNBA off season and
we have primarily been covering the
WNBA. So, I do have some new ideas for
offseason content. So, I want to fill
you guys in all on all of that and also
just chat with you about some things
that have been on my mind. So, I feel
like today's episode is going to be a
little bit longer. It's going to be one
of those episodes that you kind of
listen to while you're washing the
dishes or folding laundry or maybe on
your drive to work. But hopefully you
guys enjoy it. So, let's jump right in.
And firstly, I want to tell you guys
where I was at this past weekend. So, I
was in LA. I actually lived in LA for
nearly 10 years. And I loved LA until I
didn't. and then I could no longer stand
it and I just had to get out of there.
But I think as you age your priorities
shift and I think that is actually what
happened to me. So came out to Texas,
bought a house in Texas. I love it here.
I kind of love a more chill, higher
quality way of life. And luckily I'm
still able to work in Texas. But anyway,
back in the city where I used to reside
for my entire 20s, back in LA
specifically to film a documentary
series. And I don't know how much I
could actually say about this, but I
will give you guys some context clues.
It's essentially a docuer episode that
focuses on the WNBA and specifically a
very popular player in the WNBA.
So, I was asked to be one of the talking
heads in this documentary. and we
actually sat down and filmed for like 3
hours and basically they were just
asking me a ton of questions obviously
about my experience covering the WNBA
kind of what I've noticed with this
particular player and also with other
players and also this documentary series
does plan to use some of my clips from
Courtzside Club and so in a lot of ways
I felt so honored to be a part of a
project like this because it just felt
like my work has been seen there's such
a divide died in WNBA media and it's so
strange. And again, like I'm kind of new
to this side of the sports world, but I
never realized it would be like this.
And I was really happy that they were
not only asking to use my content for
the docu series, but also just asking
for me to be one of the voices in it,
like calling me an expert in this
subject where I feel like I've put in so
much hard work in covering the W and
covering women's sports over the past
like 2 years or so. But I do have to say
I was pretty paranoid leaving the
interview and even during the interview.
And I think it's because like my words
have been taken out of context so much
by WNBA fans and even in other
documentaries like if you guys remember
in the Diana Terasi documentary that
aired on Amazon Prime Video, they used
clips from Courtzside Club and they used
them completely out of context. And
again, I realize like it's not that big
of a deal, but it truly bothered me
because I was one of the people during
the time that there was this firestorm
that was happening around Diana Trosi.
Like I was one of the ones standing up
for her. And so in that Diana Trosi
documentary, they used a clip from where
I said a new rivalry is brewing. It's
Caitlyn Clark and Diana Terasi. The
reason I said that is because that's how
the Phoenix Mercury were marketing that
game. They were marketing the game the
rookie versus the goat. They were
literally Diana Tros's team was
marketing the game as a rivalry game and
that's how I was covering it. Yet Amazon
Prime Video turns around, they use that
clip and they use it in a montage of all
of these people calling Diana Trosi
nasty, calling her wash, like calling
her the craziest names that I never did.
And then on top of that, like I've
worked with Diana Terasi before. Like
I've spent hours talking to Diana
Terasi. She's somebody that I'm actually
a fan of and it's like I I'm sure Diana
Trosi obviously isn't on the cutting
room floor and she's not the one, oh,
let's pick this, let's pick this, let's
pick this. It offended me in a way
because I'm like she's probably watching
this thinking like, oh yeah, Rachel was
one of the ones trashing me also. And
also in that same time when I was like
standing up for Diana Trosi, I had a lot
of Caitlyn Clark fans and a lot of you
guys like you guys know I'm a huge
Caitlyn Clark fan. A lot of you guys are
as well. Like I was getting push back
from you guys saying, "How could you say
this? Diana Trosy sucks this and that."
And I was like, "No, no, no. You guys,
I'm like a big fan of hers and I know
her personally. This is kind of just her
personality." So, I think I'm a little
paranoid of my words being used out of
context. And when I was doing this
interview, there were definitely many of
times that I'm like doing mental
gymnastics as I'm answering this
questions because I'm scared that
they're going to cut it up. And I I
don't think they're going to because
even the lady who was interviewing me
seems super lovely. But you just never
know when you don't have the editing
control. And so I truly hope that my
words are not taken out of context in
this documentary. I hope that they are
given in their full context and it's
truthful to the takes that I was making
and the things that I was saying about
the different things that we are talking
about. But yeah, just to to button up
that point, it was really cool to be
able to do this interview. I will be
excited to see my work in the
documentary and I'm glad that Courtside
Club is getting some respect off of, you
know, all the hard work that myself and
our team behind the scenes has put in
and really growing the show, growing
this channel. Up until recently, I have
lost money on Courtzside Club for like
the entirety of its existence. when I
started at ESPN for Courtzside Club
season one and I don't know may do you
guys even know the backstory of
Quartzite Club maybe maybe you don't.
Okay, I'll give you the really quick
backstory. Okay, so Courtzside Club was
an idea that I had in 2020 and that was
COVID time, right? But I honestly just
was not in the mental space to execute
it. I was too scared to take any risks
in 2020 as were a lot of people. And
then a couple years later, I was finally
like, you know what? I'm just gonna do
it. Um I I had meetings with different
networks and things and it just wasn't I
don't know. It wasn't panning out. I was
like, I'm just going to do it myself.
I'll figure it out. I'm going to
interview some people. I'm going to use
the resources that I have of the
videographers and editors that I know
and like we will just create courtside
and then see what happens. Like I'll put
it on my own YouTube channel. All of
those things. And so I started filming
episodes. And in the midst of me filming
episodes, I had a meeting with Omaha
Productions and ESPN and I told them the
concept and essentially they picked up
my show. They were like, "Yeah, we would
love to have your show as a part of our
podcast network." And I was like, "Okay,
this is great. This is an amazing
opportunity." So season one of Courtside
Club was with ESPN and I was on salary
for that, but I didn't own any of the
content. All of the content lived on
ESPN. So, if you want to watch old
episodes of Courtzite Club, like I think
they're still on ESPN, but they're kind
of hard to find because of the way that
they do the titles and thumbnails and
SEO, all the things. And long story
short, and I've talked about this,
creatively with ESPN, it just wasn't
working out. And a lot of the money that
I made with my salary at ESPN, they were
not willing to pay for interviews that
were in person with my guests. So, if I
wanted to do any interviews in person, I
would have to pay for the production for
that. And I wanted the show to look
good. And so I would use my salary that
I was making to then pay for production
so that I could interview my guests in
person because there were some big
guests I have and I was like, I want to
sit down with these people in person. I
feel like it's better that way. That's
always how I wanted to do the show. And
so even then, I was always like making
money to invest in the show. And then
once my run ended with ESPN and mutually
we agreed to like not stay together, I
took Courtside Club on my own and put it
again back on my own YouTube channel
like I was going to do in the beginning.
And we were honestly like when we first
started I was happy to get a,000 views.
Like the views were so low. It took a
lot of trial and error to get Courtside
obviously to where it is now. And I'm so
beyond grateful for all of you guys.
you. Without you, I don't even know if
we would still be doing the show, right?
Like, you guys have been so amazing and
I will always be grateful. A view is a
view. One of you guys turn tuning in
means a lot to me. But with that, what
I'm saying is I have other people who
also help me to bring this show to life.
And all of that is me pouring money into
the show. And so up until recently, I
have been in the hole with Courtside
Club. Yet, I have been spending like 95%
of my time working on the show because
it's how much I believe in the show, how
much I love working on this show. And
it's like it's not a it hasn't been a
money maker for me at all. And so now
we're starting to get like sponsors who
want to work with us on certain episodes
and possibly for the whole things. We've
been talking to different networks and
such. And so even getting back to the
original point, even the fact of me
being asked to be a part of a
documentary, I think just meant so much
because it feels like we're, you know,
we're getting somewhere. We're getting
somewhere with Courtzside to where it's
a sustainable business for me. It's
something where I can put in so much of
my time and I can say no to some of
these other jobs if I finally do, you
know, start earning a living off of it.
like half the time when I need to do
these other things or I need to do brand
partnerships or this that it's because
I'm not make I'm not making money off of
Courtzite Club until recently. Again, I
don't know if you guys care about that,
but I wanted to give you a little bit of
context as to why like sometimes some
like of the littlest things just mean so
much. Getting back to once again my
words being taken out of context and
also people using my content without
specifically asking me. I find this
really bizarre because I've had places
like Bleacher Report, like House of
Highlights, different places ask if they
can use my content and they specifically
ask for it and they ask for it in
written whatever. Diana Trosy doc did
not ask for it. And then also the Las
Vegas Aces, they made this video that
was like aces versus everyone or
whatever when they won the championship.
And they also again like used a clip
from my show, which I think is funny
because there's this weird like firstly
they used a clip of me saying that they
were that they're middle of the pack at
best. Like by the way, the Aces were
middle of the pack at best for most of
the year. Okay, like true statement.
Very true statement. I think it's ironic
because I've definitely said stuff
that's harsher on the aces than that,
but that was the clip that they decided
to use. And again, I'm glad that people
are tuning in and they see my content as
something, but taking things out of
context, using my content without my
permission is just yeah, it's happened
over and over. So, with all of that, I
don't want to drag this out any longer
on this particular topic, but I will let
you guys know when that docky series
comes out. I hope that my words are
taken in context and with their full
truth. And it'll also be interesting to
see like the way the documentary goes
because you never know. Like I'm not on
the back end. So, we'll just have to
see. But I will keep you guys posted on
when that does come out. And also, while
I was in LA, I went to the USC versus
Michigan football game. If you guys
didn't know, I'm originally from Ohio.
And both of the colleges that I went to
school at did not have football teams.
So, I went to Old Dominion for
basketball and at the time they didn't
have a football team and then the year
that they were starting to have a
football team. They weren't even like
fully division one. I think now they
are. But also, I hated my time at Old
Dominion. That's a story for a different
day. So, not really rooting for them in
anything. And then when I transferred to
American University, they also don't
have a football team. So, when I was in
college, I never had like a football
experience, but being from Ohio, I've
always been an Ohio State football fan,
an Ohio State everything fan because
when you're born in Ohio, that's just
what you are. Anyway, USC was playing
Michigan that day. So, if you're also
born in Ohio, if you're an Ohio sports
fan, you hate Michigan regardless. Okay.
I thought it'd be fun to go to USC,
especially since they are playing
Michigan. Now, what was really cool is I
did meet some people who work at USC and
also work with the women's basketball
team. I met Juju Watkins and talked to
her for a bit. Obviously, would love to
have Juju Watkins on the show and made
her team know that she is always always
welcome whenever she wants to to come on
the show. She is recovering from her ACL
injury, so she won't be playing for the
20 256
season. Not sure if she'll be doing
media during that time, but just so you
guys know, I definitely have that ask
out and I'm working on that. That leads
me into you guys, during this off
season, we are going to have more guests
on the show. And I know that I do guest
interviews here and there, but one of my
goals with Chordside Club is also to
open you guys up to different people.
And I'm also fully aware that not all of
the guest interviews that I have do the
greatest numbers. like my solo episodes
normally do much bigger numbers than the
interviews with guests, but I still
think that they're very important. And
everybody who I do have on the show,
like there's a reason that I have them
on the show. If you look at all of like
the college women's athletes that we had
last year during our Courtzside Madness
series and we also had Coach Cara Lawson
on, who by the way, Coach Cara Lawson is
going to be the coach of Team USA coming
up, which I think is so cool. But we
have definitely opened the door to doing
more guest interviews. We have started
to do more guest outreach. And also,
there might be some guests that we have
on Courtzside Club that aren't just in
the women's basketball space either. I
know a lot of you guys who are here now
came to know of me or of my channel just
because of women's basketball, which I
think is incredible and amazing and
obviously that's going to be the anchor
of this channel. But my background is is
honestly in covering the NBA. And so I
do want to do a little bit more
crossover there or if we have other
media personalities where they're able
to talk about women's basketball and
also men's basketball and also the NBA.
I want to do some live watch parties for
the NBA along with women's college
basketball during this off season. And I
say this all the time. I I truly say
this all the time and I do mean it. As
much as it probably seems like I don't
mean it. I don't want to just constantly
be covering the drama that's in the
WNBA. The WNBA is clearly a soap opera
and every day I could pick up some drama
that I wanted to cover. I don't want to
cover Caitlyn Clark's every single move.
Like, oh, Caitlyn Clark went to the
grocery store today or this person.
Like, I'm not really interested in those
types of topics. I want to add more
value with the content that I'm giving
you guys. And so I guess I'm also just
explaining to you like I'm constantly
thinking about how we can make the show
better and how I can add value to what
you guys are coming to this channel for.
And so I don't just want to take the
lowest hanging fruit in some of these
storylines or social media things that
are happening. I'm going to challenge
myself in not putting out content like
that. And I'm not saying there's not a
place for that. And there's going to be
other places, other media outlets, all
these things who are covering that, but
like let's find the best stories during
this WNBA off seasonason. Like not let's
not just cover, you guys know what I'm
trying to say, right? So, I think by
adding new voices, introducing you guys
to like new players, new media
personalities, like even Dave Portoy was
a huge risk even to have on our show
simply because I know what his
reputation is or how some WNBA fans feel
about him. I saw what happened when Dave
was trying to have the stud buds on a
bar stool show or collaborate and I saw
how the WNBA fans like lost their minds
over it. So, I knew that there's a
portion of WNBA fans who might have
gotten truly like mad, upset with me,
boycotted, whatever the things like I
there's people constantly saying stuff
about me all the time and I'm hardened
to it in a certain extent because I've
been in this industry for a really long
time. I've seen it all. That's not going
to stop me from showing you guys a
different side to somebody or showing
you guys an alternate voice that's in
the space. and Dave being somebody who
was such an advocate for the WNBA. But
if you can't get past a couple things
that he said or opinions that he has to
get to the point where he's actually
advocating for these women to get paid
more and for people to watch them for
everything that these WNBA players want.
I think that's another thing too like we
can get to the WNBA toxic fandom because
it's like nothing I have ever
experienced in all of my years in
covering sports. And if you guys don't
also know, like I was in a video game. I
was in an NBA video game and video game
fandom is really toxic. Like communities
in the video game spear sphere sphere.
Yeah, not spear. Not spear sphere. In
the video game sphere can be super
toxic. And I have heard it all. Like
I've been criticized by the for the way
that I talk. I've been criticized for
the way that I look. I've had lies
spread about me. I've had literal media
outlets print lies about me, like lies,
rumors. I've had people lie about me on
in person, like people say things that
specifically aren't true. People make up
entire scenarios that have never
happened. Like, I've been harassed. I've
been stalked. I've been like, I've seen
and heard it all before I even got to
covering the WNBA. Okay? So, I've heard
all of this before I even got here.
That's why even when some of the players
and stuff are complaining about like
harassment or social media and all of
this, I don't have as much sympathy or I
don't have as much like whatever because
it happens to anyone who gets to a
certain level of fandom or is in the
public eye. I've had people photoshop
images of me. This is like before the
whole AI thing. I have had people
photoshop images of me, like explicit
images of me that were not me. Like I've
if you think about what could have been
said to me, it's been said to me. I'll
just I will leave it at that. I've had
like coordinated attacks against me.
I've had to have private investigators
involved. Like I've heard all of this
and I say all of that to say the WNBA
fandom took it to the next level as far
as like toxicity that I never would have
expected when coming into a league that
is all women and a lot of the the fandom
is women. But the kind of videos that
people make about me, this and that,
again, it doesn't hurt my feelings so
much as it just kind of shocks me as
this is what you're walking into. And I
feel like there's definitely this huge
divide in WNBA fandom. It's like if
you're a Caitlyn Clark fan, immediately
there's a certain section of the fandom
who says, "Oh, she's a Caitlyn Clark
fan. She can't be a fan of anyone else.
She because she's a Caitlyn Clark fan,
she hates Asia and she hates Angel and
she hates Paige and she hates like the
list goes on and on. And that's so far
from the truth. And so even when I even
seeing the Aces like use my clip, it's
like I actually don't hate the Aces. I
prop Asia up a lot. And I know that
there's a lot of Caitlyn Clark fans who
aren't so much of a fan of Asia. I've
been somebody who said she's a really
freaking good player. like she is the
best player in the world at this very
time. I was the one who said she should
get MVP before. A lot of people said she
should get MVP. I said she was
performing better than Afisa Collier.
But the narratives that you see and the
toxicity that you see and I'm trying to
break that. I'm trying to break that a
little bit. And I know that I'm like a
one-man band who's doing that. But by
having people with different voices,
different opinions on my show, that's a
big way of combating some of this just
like craziness that's in the W fandom.
And the only way for the WNBA to like
continue to grow and continue to
succeed, like some of these walls have
to be broken down. some of this toxicity
and it doesn't just it's not just social
media by the way also like it trickles
up into the media sphere of it also
because we've seen certain media members
biases. So I hope that with my content I
can continue to just cover the sport
like I would cover any other sport. But
unfortunately you guys I think a lot of
like the toxicity in women's basketball
like I experienced a lot of that in
college. Like a lot of the reason that I
quit playing basketball in college,
again, story for another day, came
because it was so toxic. Like there is
something in this world where women are
always like, "Oh, support women. Support
women." Until a woman doesn't agree with
you and then you do everything in your
power to tear her down. Like, it's
really not a women supporting women
thing. And I do actually think that the
younger generation does a way better job
with all of this stuff. I think they
actually do care about the basketball
and they just want to go out there and
win. But there were so many times when I
was playing basketball like the sabotage
that
certain players or teammates would do,
they would sabotage the outcome of the
game just to spite another player or the
kind of bullying. And I say bullying as
like I I wasn't necessarily like beat up
in a sense. I wasn't like beat up in
high school and in college, but the
little bullying tactics and things that
players would use towards me, like it
gets to a point where you're like, I
don't love this game enough to keep
playing. I don't love this game enough
for my teammates to be hiding my shoes
before every game and so I can't even
focus on the game ahead. Like I don't
love this game enough to walk into my
dorm room and all of my things have been
shuffled around and they've stolen
things out of my room. Like there's my
own teammates doing this, you know? Like
I don't love this game enough to like
again walk into my dorm room, put my
hand on the handle and there's like
stuff all over. I didn't even know what
it what it was like. Just disgusting.
Whatever. You put your hand and your
hands really sticky. You know, that
stuff still goes on and I I guess I'm
like you you feel some of that like I
wasn't covering the women's game for as
long as I was. like I actually was
supporting the W and going to some
Sparks games and different things, but
when I go back and start to cover the
league again and then it's the same sort
of like you feel that same sort of
toxicity from fans and different things
like it's not a good feeling. Am I
making sense? Like it's bringing up
stuff that happened to me like when I
was actually playing basketball and I
don't know why things have to be like
that. Lastly, you guys, quickly, this is
not sports related at all. I went to
Hollywood Horror Nights when I was also
in LA, which is basically like Halloween
time at Universal Studios. I've been to
Universal Studios a million times. Been
to Disneyland a million times. Like I
said, I lived in California for many
years. And I've been to Hollywood Horror
Nights multiple times, but I've only
ever been there in a big group. But I'm
normally there with my husband and like
his friends. And so, you know how when
you go to amusement parks when it's
Halloween time, there's all these
monsters kind of running around and
jumping out and scaring you just when
you're walking around? It's like not
even a haunted house. It's just when
you're walking around. So, I asked my
girlfriend in Los Angeles. I was like,
"Do you want to go?" Cuz she had never
been to Universal and she was so excited
about it. And so, I thought that I could
get one of these necklaces. So, there's
these necklaces that I've seen all over
Tik Tok and they're like the deathly
afraid necklace is basically what
they're called. It's like it's so
embarrassing kind of, but it's like a
light up necklace and it says deathly
afraid and if you're wearing one of
these necklaces then the monsters won't
scare you. It basically just means like
don't touch me. You also see it when
it's like younger kids are there or
whatever. And I had seen those and I was
like that's perfect. Even if I'm just
going with my girlfriend, I'll just I'll
just get one of those and then nobody
will touch me and I'll be fine because I
don't like jump scares and I'm really
claustrophobic also. So, I'm I don't
really do haunted houses. Anyway, come
to doing my research, I find this other
Tik Tok video of this guy who bought the
necklace in Orlando and then went to
Universal Studios in Los Angeles and he
was wearing the necklace and it didn't
work because Los Angeles does not honor
those necklaces. So, if you go to
Universal Studios, you can't get a
Deathly Afraid necklace. So, now I'm I'm
telling you guys, for the 48 hours
leading up to going to Hollywood Horror
Nights, I was so like I was secondg
guessing. I was like, I might not be
able to do it. I'm so scared. I don't
want people running up to me, the people
who have like the chainsaws and stuff. I
was like, I can't do it. I'm going to
have a panic attack. Anyway, I went and
when we first got there, I was literally
like hiding in a gift shop. I I was
like, I can't even make it. cuz the
first scare zone that you go through
where there's these monsters running
around. It's all clowns with chainsaws.
And I was like, I can't. I was like, I
can't do it. It's just me and and my one
girlfriend. They're going to target us.
Like, I'm not in a big group. I can't
just hide in the middle. Long story
short, you guys, I overcame my fear. And
by the end of it, I was like asking to
go through more of the scare zones. I
was making friends with these monsters.
I was like taking selfies with them. And
I know it's so irrational. It's truly so
irrational. Like I'm I know that the
monsters aren't going to do anything to
me, but if you don't like jump scares
and you don't like being startled, it's
such an it's such an anxiety thing. And
I even I even I just want to tell you
guys this cuz I'm kind of proud of it. I
even went through one of the haunted
houses that's like an outdoor haunted
house, so it didn't have any of the
moments where it was like
claustrophobic. Do you know what I mean?
There wasn't walls and stuff. It was
open air, but there were monsters
running around the whole time. There was
monsters like coming up to you, kind of
getting in your face. And I was fine.
Like I did really good as long as I kept
my eyes and ears peel peeled and I could
like see where they were maybe going to
jump out at me. I I overcame my
Hollywood horror nights fear. And just
want to tell you that that was a really
proud moment for me. But you guys let me
know if you like haunted houses because
I was looking up all of these things on
TikTok about haunted houses. I saw that
there I saw that there's like these like
crazy haunted houses. Like there's one
called like the 17th door. There's
another one. There's one that seems
really gross and disgusting and should
probably be illegal where you literally
go there and it's like torture and
you're there for hours. It's like how
long you can withstand staying in this
haunted house and there's a wait list of
24,000 people who want to go to this
house. I have No, you No, no, no. I feel
like all of the people who were going to
that haunted house should probably be on
the FBI watch list because why do you
want to be tortured? It's literal
torture. They will like shave your head.
They'll waterboard you. Like the crazy
crazy disgusting things. So anyway, I've
been on this Tik Tok rabbit hole of
haunted houses. I will not be doing any
haunted houses, but I wanted to tell you
guys that story. That pretty much rounds
out my LA trip weekend. I guess
that's all I wanted to talk about in
today's video. But next week, you guys,
is the start of NBA season and we
already have some things cooking for NBA
season and some work that I will be
doing with different teams. Like you
guys know, I did the Spurs media day for
the third year and got to interview all
the players there, but there's likely
some other things that I will be doing
this year with the Mavericks. So, I will
keep you guys posted on all of that. If
you like episodes like this where I
don't know, it's kind of like a personal
update, then please let me know in the
comments below. If there's other topics
or if there's other guests that you
would love to see on the show, please
also let me know in the comments below.
So, I hope you guys enjoyed this
episode. If you did, please give it a
thumbs up, click that little subscribe
button because we upload new videos
every single week and we're also
planning more live streams. So, stay
tuned for that. But I think that's all
that I've got for you. Thanks for
hanging out with me and listening to me
ramble for I don't know like 30 40
minutes at this point. Um hope you guys
have a lovely evening and I'll see you
next time. Oh Anna.