What's going on my flyby family? It's
your boy Izzy. Welcome if you're new.
Call up Tiger Woods. RIP to Arnold
Palmer, but give me one of those drinks.
I think I got some Teddygrams down there
for the kids for the great Golden Bear,
Jack Nicholas. Hey, we got Caitlyn Clark
back on that golf course, man. We're
about to get all the way into it. But
before we do that, y'all make sure y'all
hit a thumbs up for your boy if you like
the content. Don't forget to subscribe
to the channel. We're trying to hit
34.6, so if you can help me out with
that, I highly appreciate it. And don't
forget to get in the comment section and
let me know what y'all think about this
one. Let's get it. All right, fam. So,
it has been announced that Caitlyn Clark
will be back out on that golf course
showing those swinging skills for you
know what I'm saying? Back on that
course on November 12th out there for
Anukica doing it big once again. If
y'all don't remember this, man, Caitlyn
Clark took over the golf course, fam.
Hold on, man. She literally took over
the golf course. Listen to how these
golfers in the LPGA was talking highly
of it. Just look how they were acting.
>> I wanted to come say hi. I need
introduced myself. I play out here on
tour. I'm Maria. Nice to meet you.
>> Thank you for being out here. It's very
cool what you're doing for sports.
Kicking ass on and off.
>> And here's the Caitlyn Clark effect.
Morgan with Maria FSY and other players
out here. A lot of fun. Made it easy.
>> Anak. Can I steal you for a second? I
don't think I'll have like bigger I
can't say bad stuff and TV but bad a
once together. We're doing a fun like
that.
>> There we go.
>> There we go. Yeah,
>> I'm next.
>> Yes.
>> Two.
>> All right. This is awesome.
>> Now, I can't lie, man. Last year, this
was so refreshing to see after an entire
year of people discrediting Caitlyn
Clark's game, what she's bringing to the
WNBA. Like it was so crazy how people
was just disrespecting her. Just
ungrateful for what Caitlyn Clark was
doing for the league. Not thinking about
all the views and the money she was
bringing. Just straight up thinking
white and black. It I was so tired of
it, man. I was sick of it. I was sick of
it, man. I said, "You know what? seeing
this where you can see people that are
grateful and appreciative of what
Caitlyn Clark is doing. She just showed
up to the LPGA ProAm tour and basically
brought so many eyes, so many people out
there to watch her. And look at look at
the response from the players, man. Look
at the response. They are so
appreciative of that. And I'm like, fam,
why can't we get this for the W? I
promise y'all, man. the W. Just show the
gratitude behind it, man. Come on, man.
She is changing the game for y'all.
Like, I get it. Y'all are competitors.
Y'all are going to compete. That's what
we want on the floor. Nobody told y'all
not to compete. But when it came to off
the court nonsense in your interviews,
you know, it's a difference between what
we call glazing now and then just being
appreciative. It's a difference, man.
Like there was so much for some odd
reason resentment towards Caitlyn Clark
on the floor specifically from players.
The eye poke, the shove over from
Kennedy, Diamond to Shield shove over,
Angel Ree slapping her in the head. Like
fam, it was some crazy stuff going on on
the floor. But not only on the floor,
you had offc court stuff. Cheryl Swoops
and Cheryl Swoops was one of the biggest
ones last year. Oh my goodness. disdain
for Caitlyn Clark was at a high level
from these players. It was ridiculous.
And it's like, I get it. Y'all are
competitors. You want to compete. Not
speaking for the ones off the floor, the
analysts, the if you want to call them
that, the veterans, the retired players,
the legends. Yeah. Not speaking on them
because that was just crazy what they
were doing. But the players on the
floor, I get it. Y'all are competitors.
Y'all are going to compete. Y'all not
going to like each other. Not everybody
is going to like each other and not
everybody was hating on Caitlyn. So, I
understand all that. Like, nobody is
telling y'all to kiss Caitlyn Clark's
butt. But y'all also don't have to go
out of the way to disrespect her. I know
DJ was doing it a whole lot on Twitter.
Like, wanted her to be a civil rights
movement leader. Like, that was crazy.
That was crazy, man. I'm like, fam, do
you understand she's 22? She was 22 at
that time. I'm like, fam, she's 22. You
want her to be a civil rights leader at
the age of 22? Come on, man. Stop it.
She can't tell grown people how to act.
She can't tell grown people how to act.
Come on, man. And then she was quiet on
other people fan bases acting a nut out
here. Come on, man. Stop it. And it was
kind of the same thing going on last
year with Kathy, man. She did not want
to give Caitlyn Clark any type of
credit. Any type of credit, man. Um I
mean, like I stated in one of my videos,
I understand you're trying to promote
the league. your job is to get people to
pay attention and want to come to the
league. So, you're going to boost
everybody gonna boost everything about
it. But, fam, when we were talking about
viewership and all that, man, you you
got to just bring up the key factor that
Caitlyn Clark, man, was the one. You
feel me? She was the one. All your games
were Indiana Fever games that hit the
millions, uh, except the finals. Like,
come on, man. Come on, man. It's it's
right there. The proof is in the
pudding. And I'm not Bill Cosby. I'm
just saying, man.
>> Yes.
Very cool.
>> Absolutely.
>> You many more times.
>> I said the buzz from the players.
>> I'm distracting for
>> No, y'all are trying to get
>> has been huge.
>> Somebody take this picture.
>> I mean, they were showing so much love
and guard in her own right in Fton,
Mississippi.
>> Hang tight.
>> All State. Yeah, good luck
>> in that sport as well.
>> They were showing so much love to
Caitlyn Clark fam. I was like, yo,
that's what it's about, man. They
understood the assignment.
I mean, look at all the people out here,
fam. Look at all these people. And I
have another clip where she was signing
autographs and people were dang there
jumping over the rope to get that
autograph. Man, LPGA last year, man,
they showed the W exactly what you
supposed to do when you have a Phenom
like Caitlyn Clark. How they was
promoting her, how they were lifting her
up. Yo, I mean, I'm talking about they
were using her to get that that promo,
man. I remember the weird stuff going on
on the W's Twitter account. It was weird
stuff all last year, man. It was weird
stuff going on. So, it was so refreshing
to see a league actually appreciate what
Caitlyn Clark is bringing. And um
she just showed, man, look, she could
take over wherever. She takes over
wherever, man. It's crazy. It's crazy,
man. You cannot deny the gravitational
pull this woman possesses. Now, I don't
remember exactly what she ended up uh
finishing with. It wasn't that great,
but I think it was okay for her to not
be a golfer, right? But look at look at
how she's taking over here, fam. Look at
all the fans.
Like, I didn't understand what the W was
doing. I didn't understand it at all,
man. It was like they did they darnished
to make sure Caitlyn Clark wasn't the
main attraction. And I'm I'm like, how
are y'all even doing that? Why even go
against that? You see what she's capable
of, man? Look at this. Literally taking
over. Look how people waiting on that
rope, man. That rope,
that rope about to catch all type of
limbo action, man. Look at this. I
remember this being so big they changed
the network's mind on Aaron her play. I
remember that, man. I forgot what
channel it was supposed to come on, but
the fan base was like, "Hey, we want to
see it. We want to see it." And then the
LPGA found a way to get that game on the
network. That's just the type of motion
Caitlyn carries, man. It's It's crazy.
It's crazy, fam. And that's why I was
really like, yo, I don't know what the W
is doing, but they need to take some
notes. Take some notes from the LPGA,
man. Now, my main thing is, is that
groin? Is that groin okay? Obviously,
I'm guessing if she's saying, I'mma go
play, I'm guessing she's okay, cuz that
does take some motion in the hips, the
groin area. You know what I'm saying?
When you swinging, hopefully coming into
next season, Caitlyn Clark will be at
100% because, man, boy, was it needed.
It was needed. All right. I love me some
basketball and I respect the women's
game, man. But it's nothing like the
Caitlyn Clark game. That game is
exciting to watch. All right. The deep
balls, the facilitating skills, all of
it, man. All of it. Come on, man. It's
so exciting to watch. I know we were all
waiting for that and needing that game,
right? But hopefully she's okay coming
into next year, man, because it's
needed. But y'all let me know how y'all
feel about Caitlyn Clark getting back
out there on that green, man. Do y'all
think this is something she need to be
doing or maybe she needs to be working
on her game? I don't know, man. Y'all
let me know in the comments section. I
love y'all. Y'all keep it smooth.