And the state of Massachusetts came in
and said, "Okay, that's great, but
you're not allowed to be Christian
anymore. If you do this thing that your
faith has impelled you to do, you have
to stop being Christian or we're going
to take your kids away." Foster parents
in Massachusetts told by the government,
you're going to lose your kids because
you're Christian. Here is the local news
report.
>> Christian faith, it it really drives us
toward that. Like it um James says that
true undefiled religion is to care for
the fatherless.
The Wuburn couple reconfigured their
home to care for eight foster children,
including a baby with complex medical
needs for 15 months.
>> Every night for 15 months, we were up
three at least three times.
>> That's in addition to their own three
kids, and they were ready to keep going
until Massachusetts Department of
Children and Families pulled their
license last spring. Foster family must
accept a child's assertion of their
LGBTQIA+
identity, address children by their
names and pronouns, and support
genderneutral practices regarding
clothes and physical appearance.
>> We had asked, "Is there any sort of
accommodation? Can you wave this at all?
We will absolutely love and support and
care for any child in our home, but we
simply can't agree to go against our
Christian faith in this area." Um, and
we're ultimately told, "No, you must
sign the form as is, or else you will be
delicensed."
>> Do you see the irony here, too?
The reason that they took these kids in,
these are foster parents. These aren't
parents who are adopting newborn babies.
There are about 34 couples who want to
adopt a newborn baby for every newborn
baby put up for adoption. Demand vastly
outstrips supply. We're talking about
the the market as we now do I guess for
for newborn babies for foster parents
you know younger kids teenagers who are
in orphanages and state institutions who
then go deliver the
supply vastly outstrips demand. Okay. So
the this couple says, "We are Christian
and because of our Christian faith, we
feel called to do what most people don't
want to do, and that is take in these
kids who need a home. We're going to do
that." And the state of Massachusetts
came in and said, "Okay, that's great,
but you're not allowed to be Christian
anymore." Good. Yeah, you can do that.
But if you do this, if you do this thing
that your faith has impelled you to do,
you have to stop being Christian or
we're going to take your kids away.
because it's not possible to be
Christian and affirm the LGBT identity.
You can't do it. I know there are all
sorts of flavors of religion that
identify as Christian. They call
themselves Christian, but the church's
teaching on on this subject in
particular is pretty clear going back
about 2,000 years. You just can't have
it. Can't do it. So they say, "Well,
we're not going to renounce our faith
for anything."
But but it's particularly crazy to to
renounce our faith in order to do the
thing that our faith has impelled us to
do. Massachusetts says, "Okay, too bad.
And we'll go find some gay couple to
give the kids to. Sorry. We're not going
to let we're not going to allow the kids
to be raised Christian." That's what the
state of Massachusetts is saying. cannot
you we will not allow foster children to
be raised in a Christian household
which is obviously religious
discrimination and beyond religious
discrimination it's obviously wrong
all sorts of all sorts of ideas they
call themselves religion some true some
false but in this case it's so obviously
wrong you have to you you have to raise
a kid in an LGBT household or affirming
household
can't raise them in a Christian
household. That's crazy. What this
reveals, though, is the
absurdity of the left's argument when
they accuse us of trying to enforce our
morality on others. Why do you care? Why
do you care? That's what they always
say. Uh, you know, I was on I actually
really enjoyed going on the show. I was
on Adam Freeland's show. He's this
leftwing comedian. Very We had a good
great conversation. You can catch it on
on his YouTube channel. Uh, but one of
the moments where the where the
interview got kind of spicy is when he
was he was really hitting me on the
trans stuff and I and and he said,
'Well, why do you care? Why do you care?
I don't care about this. I said, "Oh,
great. If you don't care, then cut it
out. The left was the aggressor on this
issue. They're the ones who forced the
guys in the girls' bathrooms. They're
the ones who forced the rainbow flags
all over the public square." And so, we
responded to that. But if you're saying
you don't care, oh, great. Wonderful.
Oh, then I guess we're in agreement. You
don't care. So give it up. Shut up about
the LGBT stuff. Get the stupid rainbow
flags out of the streets. Get the men
out of the girls' bathroom. Great. You
don't care because you don't care. We
do. We do care about morality. So good.
We Well, then I guess we're in
agreement. They say, "Well, no. I mean,
no, I mean like when I say why do we
care? I mean Christians need to shut up
is basically what the left is saying.
They don't really mean it. What do you
care?" It's funny. They ended, Adam
actually cut out part of the interview
where we were talking about the uh the
transgender ideology. I said, "Do you
think it's true?" He said, "Well, I just
don't care." I said, "I didn't ask if
you care. I asked if you think it's
true." And they cut that part out of the
interview because
obviously people care. They You should
care. And obso
that it isn't true. They know that the
transgender thing is fake. They know a
lot of the LGBT stuff is fake. But they
I don't know the most charitable read I
can give is they think it's nice they
think it's nice to lie to people. I I
think that's sincerely what most of them
think. And so they say stop stop making
us answer questions of truth and
falsehood. Just can't you just be nice?
Why do you care? It's like well you care
a lot. And I think the truth is good and
will set you free. And I think falsehood
is bad. I think lying is bad. And I
think it's disrespectful and I think it
leads you into misery.
But one thing I think we should all be
able to agree on is we all care. We all
care. Go to armra.com/nolles.
We are living in a world that our bodies
were not built for. EMFs, artificial
light, seed oils, microplastics,
endocrine disruptors, chronic stress.
These modern threats are disrupting our
cellular signaling, damaging our gut
health, and accelerating aging from the
inside out. But what if there were a way
to revive your body's natural defenses?
Armra colostrum is nature's first whole
food packed with over 400 bioactive
nutrients that work at the cellular
level to reactivate your body's innate
capacity to regenerate and thrive.
Unlike probiotics that only address one
part of your gut wall, Armra colostrum
fortifies your entire gut wall system.
Strengthens immune barriers throughout
your mouth, sinuses, lungs, gut, and
reproductive tract while optimizing your
microbiome and combating bloating. Plus,
it ignites your metabolism by guarding
against toxins that drive inflammation
and slow you down. Are you ready to
reclaim your health? You know, Mr.
Davies swears by this stuff. Do you want
to Are you ready to look like a gigad
like him? We've worked out a special
offer for our audience. 30% off your
first subscription order. You go to
armor.com/nolles
or enter nollesk to get 30% off at
checkout. A rmr.com/nolles
kl.
But one thing I think we should all be
able to agree on is we all care. We all
care.
and
there will be some kind of moral
framework for the law.
So, it's either going to be ours or it's
going to be yours. And it doesn't even
have to feel that personal because, you
know, that's kind of the way the left
views it is. It's just factions vying
for dominance over the other. That's not
how I think about morality. I think the
only way that we can come to um I don't
know a peaceful resolution for the for
the law is to think about the law as
something objective that can be arrived
at through reason. That is the premise
of self-government. That is what our
founding fathers thought and our framers
thought. And so that's the that's where
this question about truth and falsehood
comes from. Is it true? Let me just ask
you especially there are plenty of
liberals and leftwingers who watch the
show. Let me just ask you, do you really
think when we're talking about trans or
when whether we're talking about
marriage,
do you really think do you really think
men and women are exactly the same? So
similar that a union of two men is the
the exact same as the union of two women
is the exact same as the union of a man
and a woman. Do you really think that?
Do you really I just don't care. I just
want people to do whatever. It's not
what I asked. It's not what I asked.
What do you think?
We're It's just us gals. It's just you
and me. Come on. It's just you and me.
What do you think?
You know it's not. You know it's not.
Well, it doesn't mean that I want to
enforce it in the lunch. Hold on. Hold
on. You know it's not true.
You know it's a lie. You think it's some
kind of noble lie. You think it's some
kind of comforting lie, but it's a lie
nonetheless.
Let's go further. Do you think it's good
to enshrine lies into our laws?
What do you think? I just I don't care.
I don't
What do you think?
No, probably not. Right. Probably not.
Well, what's the worst that could go
wrong? Well, okay, here's one example.
Christian parents who take in these
orphans that who no one else wants to
take in. They're told they can't anymore
because the state will discriminate
against them and force them to stop
being Christian if they want to keep
their kids. That's like one example of
how things go wrong when you enshrine
lies into law. Uh women getting in
bathrooms by men who are allowed to go
in there. That's another thing that goes
wrong when we enshrine lies into laws.
Uh girls losing their scholarships and
their trophies when we allow men to
compete against them in sports and we
pretend they're all the same. That's
another thing that goes wrong.
Uh, a mass increase in anxiety,
depression, and suicidality as we
encourage the LGBT elemento identity
with a special focus on the T. That's
another thing that goes wrong. Suicide
rates remaining practically the same
before and after the transgender
procedures that that destroy people's
bodies. That's another thing that need I
go on. Need I go on? Because we could be
here all day.
I think most people know the truth. I
think most people know, even if they
don't want to admit it, like my uh
leftwing comedian friend on that show in
the part that was cut out. I know I know
most people don't want to admit it. I
think most people know that a man can't
really be a woman. And most people know
that there's something a little bit odd
about, you know, a couple of fellas or a
couple of chicks. I It's a little bit
weird, right? It's not ex it's, let's
just say, not exactly the same as a man
and a woman. I think most people know
that. The only question is will you have
the courage of your convictions to
actually say the thing that you know to
be true and further to behave that way
in public and in politics and put that
into the law. Put truth into the law
instead of lies. Will you have the
courage to do that? That's the question.
Here's a little warning. If your answer
to that part is no,
the other people will have the courage
to put lies into the law. The other
people will have the courage to try to
force you to lie. The other the other
people will have the courage, a dubious
kind of courage, but a courage
nonetheless to force you to renounce
your faith if you want to perform an act
of charity. They they will do it. So,
someone's going to someone's going to do
it. Is it going to be you on the side of
the good stuff and the true stuff, or is
it going to be the other side? But it's
it's inevitable
that there's going to be some moral
framework in the law because it's going
to be inevitable that people care
because you're human beings and we're
social creatures and we're inclined to
live in society. So, we care. That's
just that's how it works.
That was a great clip. Now, stop, ring
the bell, subscribe. We'll see you next
time.