Do you think making lots of money is
hard? Of course you do. You're a
talentless [ __ ] But lucky for you, I
think making money is easy. And in this
video, I'm going to show you what you
need to be selling to make money easy
because I don't want to intimidate you
here. You need to know one thing about
me. I too also am a talentless [ __ ] and
I'm quite lazy. And so when I sell
something, when I start a business, I
want it to be easy. I want people to say
yes to everything that I am selling.
Therefore, I only sell one of these
three things about to show you in this
video. If you sell one of these three
things, making money becomes easy
because everybody says yes. You don't
even have to be there. People come and
find you. They give you money. They say
yes without you even talking to them. It
is like selling toilet paper at a
Chipotle restaurant. Unfair,
manipulative, and frankly kind of funny.
And I'm going to go so far to say that
if you're trying to make money and
you're selling anything else and you're
running into difficulties or your
business isn't growing as fast as you
want it to, it's because you are not
using one of these three methods right
here to sell your product and your
product does not have this inside of
what you're selling. I don't care if
you're a beginner. I don't care if
you're an experienced entrepreneur. If
you wrap this into what you're doing,
it's going to be so much [ __ ] easier
to make money because people are just
going to give you lots more of it with
lot less resistance. So, have I sold it
up to you? You ready to get started?
Okay, let's begin. Also, before we get
started, super quick, subscribe. I give
all my courses, all my old business
lessons, how I run my advertising, how I
do all my copywriting, how I do all my
sales pitches and scripts. I give that
to all my subscribers once a month in my
community tab, but you must be
subscribed to see it. So, you should
subscribe if you want those. It's free
and it's like thousands of dollars worth
of courses back when I used to sell
courses. I don't do that anymore cuz I'm
so [ __ ] rich that I I really just
don't have to, which is why I'm going to
give it all to you for free right now.
So, look, the key to making a lot of
money is being able to sell a lot of
what you're selling with very little
resistance. If there's a little
resistance, people are going to give you
more money for it with much less
difficulty. I I think we all get this
very quickly. But the thing is, people
don't think about this. They just think,
"What am I going to sell to the market?"
They don't think, "How am I going to get
my claws into somebody in a certain way
that they cannot stop paying me money?"
And more so, how can I easily get the
clause in there? And then finally, how
can I make it almost irresistible for
the person to let me get my claws in
them, make it just something that they
prefer. They find everybody else out
there selling a product and they come to
me over everybody else. How do we do
this? This is how you do it. So, the
reason why a lot of people have trouble
selling is because what they're selling
doesn't have a clear defined ROI in the
person's eyes that they're selling it.
There is nothing that is countering the
pain of buying. Whenever you sell
someone something, you ask them for $50,
$100, $500, $5,000, $10,000, there is a
pain that comes with selling or buying
the product from you. And so you have to
have something to alleviate this pain.
You have to have something that is far
more comfy than the pain. So for
example, if I came up to you right now
and I said, "All right, I'm going to
give you $100, but you have to pay me
$50." You would do a double take. And
you go, "Wait, what? You're going to
give me double the money? Did I pay
you?" And you would say, "Yes." And then
the person would give you that a hundred
times. And so what you need to find
instead is a situation where the paying
the $50 right here is substantially less
than the comfy that you're selling them,
which is the $100 right here. Now, I
know what you're thinking. Alex, if we
go around giving people $100 bills for
50 bucks, how are we going to make
money? Well, you're not going to make
money like that, you stupid [ __ ] And
that's not what I'm going to propose
you're going to do. What we need to do
is we have to find a way that people
view our product as a $100 and view what
they're paying us as the $50. If we can
go and get this situation done right
here, then we're going to make a lot of
money because people say yes to Comfy.
And so, I don't care what [ __ ] sales
pitch you're using. I don't care what
strategy using. I don't care what your
webinar script or sales process or
anything is. If you don't have this
situation in your pitch, it's going to
be very hard to sell somebody. If I go
up to you and I say, "Hey, give me $200
and I'll give you a $100 back or I'll
give you some vague description. I won't
I won't give you something back that's
defined clearly as money back." Then
you're not going to do it. you're just
going to view it as a tax. You're going
to view it as something that you don't
want to buy, but you either have to. And
so, the only way you're going to be able
to pitch at that point to somebody is
you're going to have to force them to
have to do it. It's like paying their
damn electric bill or paying their damn
car insurance. Like, you don't want to
do that. Nobody wants to pay their car
insurance, but they have to. If you want
to sell product like that, that's fine,
but it's just [ __ ] hard. And I don't
like hard. So, how do we make this easy?
Well, there's three ways you have to go
about doing this to make it extremely
easy. So, the first thing you need to
understand to make this easier than
finding a girl to swipe right on your
short ass on Tinder, because we all know
those are very rare. Don't worry, it
won't be nearly as hard as that. The
easiest way to make this easy is to sell
breakage. So, what is breakage? Now,
look, if you want to sell e-commerce
products or something where you go and
like fix someone's skin or something
like that, that's a whole different
other game. We're having to like really
really sell stuff. I don't like doing
that. I like to sell breakage to
businesses. And if you can do this in a
people's normal day-to-day lives, B to
C, you can also do it as well. What is
breakage? So, for example, if you go to
a doctor's office, and this is just one
of a billion different examples. Don't
think you have to do this in doctor's
offices, but if you go to a doctor's
office, and let's just say they have
their phone line, and this is a picture
of a phone, okay? It has a that's a
phone. All right? And let's say that
they get 20 calls a day, okay? and
between the hours of 5:00 p.m. and 8:00
a.m., they're just losing all these
calls and they're just going to a
voicemail and no one's following up with
them. Well, let's imagine if we go and
like make a little AI that actually
responds and does all the chatting and
everything for them and then books the
appointment later that week right there.
Just a simple situation right here.
Let's imagine if they're getting 20
calls a day and there's five calls a day
coming in between these hours right
here. This has the potential to increase
their business by 25% if we just get
these people booked as well. So, let's
imagine their business is doing 100,000
a month without this and they're able to
increase it by 25%. Now, they're making
125k per month. What we just fixed right
there, what we just found was breakage.
This little system, this little problem
right here between these hours of 5 to 8
a.m. was causing a huge breakage in
their business. It was causing a leak in
their bucket. By us fixing it, we
increase their revenue by 25,000. Now,
we can easily bill them 10 to 20% of
that. So, let's imagine we go and bill
10% of that. Okay, we have a 2500 per
month service right here if we're
selling this. We could even automate,
make it super easy, have a software that
does it, for example, that's the type of
businesses I build and we could build
around 5% of what we're making them. So,
we build them almost a,000 bucks per
month and we don't even have to do
anything. They just show up, they sign
up, they get this result right here,
which is what I like to sell. If you're
a newcomer in business, you want to sell
the services where you manually go and
do this and maybe you build a custom
solution for them using AI or some type
of AI agent assistant or something like
that. If you're experienced in business,
you want to build automation so you can
scale. It's pretty easy to get a
business like this one to 100 200k a
month, but then it becomes hard because
you're doing a lot of manual labor. The
way you get to a million, multiple
millions of dollars a month like I am is
you have to build a business like this.
Regardless, what you want to first look
for is you want to find breakage because
if you look at all my pitches for my
best products, for example, my software
company, Hyros editor, show the website
right now. It's very pretty. Look at
it's look at that design. What we do for
companies is let's imagine they are
spending 500k a month to get a million
dollars return in ads. What happens when
people plug hyros in and the reason why
our company has grown so fast is because
essentially we connect in people's ads
and we eliminate about 10% of waste in
the ad account and we increase the ad
efficiency by another 10% which usually
results in people growing their ads by
about 15 to 20% when they come on. So
the result of that right there is them
making an extra 100k a month at least
from their ads. We can easily then go
and bill them 5k a month. No problem. We
can even just get them to pay upfront.
The pitch is basically like, "Hey, do
you want to make an extra 100k a month?"
Yeah. Okay. Will you pay us 5k a month?
We'll do that for you. And if it doesn't
do that, we we won't bill you. So we
basically just guarantee the free money.
That is why the pitch is so damn easy at
Hyros because we can just virtually
guarantee it. And with most services in
B2B, you can you just find the breakage
in the business. Hyros was a fantastic
example of breakages in people's ad
tracking because people don't track
their ads correctly and ad platforms
can't all track it correctly because
they all criss-cross across each other.
We found that breakage pow business grow
with the business by normal SAS
valuations being worth multi-9 figures.
Now next thing you should be selling and
by the way all these lessons they all
overlap on top of each other. So if you
combine them all together you have
something even more special. So next
thing you should be selling is what I
like to call stealth fish hooks. All
right. So what is this? So, what we want
to sell is something where people
inadvertently put the hook in their
mouth without knowing it and they don't
realize the hook is deep in there and
they have to leave it in until it's too
late. So, what do I mean by this? So,
let me give you an example of what we
sell at Hyros in our air product and how
it's a perfect stealth fisher. Now, I
realize I'm talking about Hyros a lot
here. Don't worry about that. I'm not
pushing you to buy Hyros or anything
right here. I'm just showing you how I
designed my businesses and showing you
one of my most successful businesses and
how I designed it. It's probably the
best example. If you don't want to buy
Hyros or anything, that's completely
fine. And I'm not here to pitch you. I'm
just going to give you all this content
for free so that you like me when your
business does grow. You'll probably use
one of my softwares in the future. So,
what is a stealth fish hook? Well, a
really good example of this before I
talk about business is just going to be
Stripe. All right. People go and set up
Stripe, the good old payment processor,
and you go and set up and it's free at
first, and you just go, "Oh, okay. Not
so bad. This isn't so bad." And then
people go and they start making, you
know, 10K a month, 100K a month. And
then they check the bill and realize
they're paying these [ __ ] three
to $5,000 a month to run credit cards.
Well, what do you do at this point?
Nothing. Because you need them to make
that 100K a month right here. They put a
stealth fish hook in your mouth and now
it's locked in there. And suddenly, as
your business grows, Stripe becomes one
of your largest largest bills that you
get every single month. And you never
even saw it coming. Okay? So, I'm not
saying they're scamming anybody or stuff
like that. Like, you you need what
Stripe does. But again, like this is an
example of a self fish hook. So for
example, what you want to do is you want
to sell something that is free up first
and starts delivering results before
they're ever built. So the way I
designed one of our products at Hyros
Air, which is basically it's an AI agent
people put on their site. It detects the
returning customers and are anonymous
visitors and then runs AI marketing to
them that almost every single time on
average increases the business by 3 5%
or some cases 10%. It's actually pretty
[ __ ] nutty. But the reason why air is
so cool and very similar to Stripe is
because we let people come and set up
for free. They can come on and they can
start generating money with it free. And
so what's going to happen is a person
comes on the air, they come in there,
let's say they have a 100,000 per month
business. Air is clearly going to start
generating them on pace to be making an
extra five to 7K per month. And then
once they start seeing this money coming
in, that's when Air starts billing them
about 5% of what it's generating them.
And all they see now is 5 to 7K per
month coming in. They don't even mind
this bill right here. And so what we got
them to do, and I want to emphasize at
the core of all these things I'm doing
is providing value to the customer. It's
not like we're like tricking people into
giving us money and in a in a a
extractive situation where now they're
suddenly stuck paying us money and not
getting return. What we aim to do or how
you should design your business is if
it's automated, you should try to get
about 5 to 10% of the value you bring.
If it's a service or manual labor, you
should aim to get about 20% of the value
you bring. Aka the customer is always
winning the end. If you have a business
where the customer loses in the end or
is unhappy, it's not going to [ __ ]
work. Just I don't I don't think I need
to explain that, but a lot of people
build businesses where it's like, "Fuck
my customers." And they wonder why their
business doesn't grow. Anyways, people
slap air on their site, they put that
stealth fish hook in, it's so easy for
them to jump into. And if you can remove
the resistance, for example, like it's a
Shopify store, they click one click, the
things on their site, they check back
later, they're making free money. Then
we build them some of that free money.
This is how you want to structure your
products. If you can ever get people try
it for free and start making money and
then you once they are making the money
or they are making the growth or the
results they're wanting, then you start
billing them, that hook is in there and
they're never going to leave and you
have subscription. It goes on forever,
which is the best type of business to
run. So that is a stealth fish hook.
Now, finally, if you apply this last
lesson, this is how you get sales so
easy that it's easy. I'm done making
[ __ ] metaphors. All right, you guys
you guys get the jokes. All right, I've
hooked you enough. So look, the way to
make sure people buy what you're selling
and you attract customers effortlessly
is you need to sell custom fits. So what
do I mean by this? If you were running
ads for businesses and you just run ads
for all businesses, you're going to have
a really hard time selling to a doctor.
So you call up a doctor's office and
let's say let's say you call up a doctor
who specializes in noses, okay? You got
you call up the nose doctor and you say,
"Hey, like let me run your ads. Just
give me some money per month." He's
probably going to say no. But if you
make your website all about ads for nose
doctors, you have an extensive
testimonial board of other nose doctors.
If your business name is nose doctor
dude,
the creativity has plummeted as these
videos go deeper on. Look, if your your
business name is nose doctor ad dude,
he's going to be much more inclined to
give you the money. Okay? Especially if
you find breakage and you're selling
them a $100 bill for $20 and you're
selling a self fish hook where they
don't have even have to pay money
upfront. You get that hook in there and
you're specifically custom optimized for
the nose guy. See, the best way to start
up a business, for example, if you look
at Clavio, when Clavio launched its
email sending services, uh I I know this
very well because I had an email sending
company at the time and Clavio [ __ ] us
up and they beat us by using this
strategy. Mailchimp and everything, all
the email centers that you've already
probably aware of, they were dominating
the market. Everything was commoditized.
There was no way to get an edge in the
marketplace because they were already
selling everything for like two bucks.
It was ridiculous. What Clavio did is
they made their email software only for
Shopify users basically. And by doing
this, they gained not the entire email
market. They didn't get much of that at
all, but they got the entire Shopify
market and started managing the emails
for almost every single Shopify store.
What happened is that built them a I
think now like a $5 billion company. And
that allowed them to get the edge in.
And so what you want to do on top of the
things I just talked about right here is
not just selling the breakage, selling
the self fish hook. Go and make your
business specifically for types of other
businesses. See, the way a market is
going to work is let's imagine this is
an entire market for people that run ads
for businesses or something like that.
What you want to do is you want to find
the tiniest sliver of the market that's
not really being marketed to and you
just want to market just that because a
lot of times these parts of the market
are just not being marketed to. They're
they're um they're just they're having
to go with generalist. All right? And so
most of the market is going to be
generalists who who do everything and
these generalists are not going to have
the ability to service this tiny part of
the market like you can. So again, if
you're doing it for a nose doctor, if
you have all your ads optimized for nose
doctors, you have custom audiences in
Facebook and Google and everything based
around people that need nose jobs or
whatever, you have proven landing pages,
templates that work for nose doctors,
you have follow-up processes, you
everything in your business is optimized
for these [ __ ] No one can
provide a service that works as well for
nose doctors as you can. Thus, you will
[ __ ] dominate the market. Now, is
this going to make you a billionaire?
No, because you're not dominating the
entire market. But can it make you a
millionaire or multi-millionaire? [ __ ]
yes, it can. So, in conclusion, what you
want to do is you combine those three
things together and that is going to
make m making money easy because what a
lot of people try to do is they sell
products that don't fit the criteria
that I just mentioned and then they try
and overcome it by using all sorts of
sales tactics and techniques. For
example, if you look at the make money
online niche, how many people are
selling similar make money online
niches? You'll probably see 15
commercials like that as you watch this
ad. They're all selling the same exact
thing. So, it's not attractive to you at
all. They're breaking all these
principles. So, if a person is selling
you like a make money online course, the
ads you're probably going to see right
after this video, they're selling
something that doesn't have that clear
money back to you. It's not a $20 bill
for $100 that there's no stealth fish
hook. You have to eat a ton of [ __ ] to
get in the door and it's not
specifically optimized or different. So,
it's not even attracted to you. And
they're trying to overcome all this with
some elite levels of sales. So, for
example, if you look at my business,
Hyros, like our ads are pretty plain
Jane. If you look at our site, like I'm
not using a lot of internet marketing
sales tax. It's like I know all the
[ __ ] things. I could get you to buy
thin air if I wanted to, but I don't
because it's a pain in the [ __ ] ass
to get you to buy thin air. I'd rather
just sell you something or sell a
business something where I don't have to
try. I can get on the phone and
literally be like, "Hey, it's $100 for
$20. You're a [ __ ] if you don't buy
this." And they're like, "Yeah, I agree.
I'm going to buy that." That is the
sales situation I want and that's what
allows me to easily scale. So, when
you're doing your businesses and if
you're having trouble making money,
think about why your product is so
[ __ ] hard to sell and not how you can
sell more of it by being all sales smart
and stuff like that. Read less sales
books, make a better targeted product.
The end. Now, if you want to learn how
to do sales, you want to learn how to do
that, guess what? I have my special
$5,000 secret mastermind. You I'm just
kidding. It's all on this channel. I
have videos that are linked right below
this video on how to get from your first
zero to 100K a year, 100K to a million a
year, a million to 10 million per year.
And there's all sorts of other videos on
all my sales tactics. On top of that, if
you subscribe, I link to all my old
courses where I go through all my you
want to see how to sell thin air. I go
through all my courses where I talk
about how to sell, how to run ads, how
to get people to your site, how to
design the pages, what to sell them, how
to do all the crazy pitches. It's all
there, but I only drop it in my
community tab once a month. So, you got
to be subscribed because only
subscribers see those posts. So, you
should subscribe and uh and then watch
the other videos cuz they're all free
and they tell you how to do all the [ __ ]
I just talked about step by step.