You're tuning into
Black and White Sports on YouTube. The
no holds barred truth on sports. The
main event starts.
>> All right, black and white sports
reporters. Well, we got a couple of
things. One involving Caitlyn Clark and
her offseason plans as of right now. And
Adam Silver, I think it's very
interesting not Kathy Inglebert is
talking about this. Adam Silver
talking about the WNBA actually playing
a game in communist China. Yikes. That's
that's coming to a arena in China near
you, not near you. So, let's start with
Caitlyn Clark and her future, which is
really
a hobby, but a hobby she's talking about
being real serious about. When speaking
with the media after the Indiana Fevers
2024 WNBA season concluded, Caitlyn
Clark joked that she might try to try to
go pro in another sport during the
upcoming off season. Quote, "I don't
know what I'm going to do tomorrow. I
don't know what I'm going to do the next
day. Maybe play some golf." Now, we know
she's an extremely
avid golfer, right? She's played in a
couple of tournaments. Uh I remember
there was a lot of talk that former
Dallas Cowboys quarterback, current CBS
NFL analyst, he works these games, the
the high-profile games on the network
with Jim Nance, Tony Romo was very good
at golf. And there was some talk for a
while that Tony was going to try to go
pro. Um I guess that never panned out.
Um but it's not it's not unusual. It's
not unusual for some of these guys and
girls to at least consider it. Uh,
that's what I'm going to do until it
becomes cold in Indiana. So, I got that.
I'll become a professional golfer,"
Clark said when asked of her plans in
the off season. Of course, Clark was
only kidding, but those who kept up to
date with what number 22 was up to last
off season know that she wasn't kidding
about the desire to play a lot of golf
as she frequently on golf courses last
winter.
She even participated in an LGB uh LPGA
ProAm event at one point. Therefore,
when Clark speaks about what she'd like
to do in the off season, even if it's
while laughing or a smile on her face,
it seems she's telling the truth. Well,
I wonder I don't know if if they still
do the match, which is like a prog
golfer or a couple of celebrities
against a couple of other celebrities
like Patrick Mahomes has done one. I'm
trying to think if Tiger and Phil ever
did one, but it would be interesting for
Caitlyn Clark to do one of these match
games like that. You know, if you could
get find three other participants, would
they broadcast that? Uh you could have a
men's side, you could have a women's
side, or you could do
uh I guess they could do
mixed male female uh pairs on the
situation.
So, I don't know how that would work
work out. So, let's go over to
the WNBA going to China.
This should be interesting. Okay. Again,
I think it's interesting that it's Adam
Silver and not Kathy Ingleberg sort of
revealing this news.
The WNBA could be playing in games in
China soon. The league held its first
regular season matchup outside of the US
this year when the Seattle Star faced
the Atlanta Dream at Rogers Arena on the
15th of August, having already staged
several preeason fixtures in the likes
of Mexico and the UK.
Now, NBA Commissioner Silver has talked
up the prospect of the WNBA heading to
China, where basketball is hugely po
popular and the country represents the
NBA's second largest market. Yeah, the
NBA has done everything
to keep communist China happy. And
honestly, it's hurt their reputation
real bad here in the United States. Uh
for a lot of us that feel like they
should not do business with China.
uh we have to uh go through a new
collective barbecuing agreement with our
players to uh Silver told CNBC
but once we do there's so much interest
in women's basketball there I think we'd
love to bring an NBA game to Macau or to
mainland China asked when the NBA could
WNBA could go to China he replied quote
very soon.
Silver was speaking courtside from the
first of two NBA preseason games in
Macau over the weekend, which marked the
league's return to China after a
six-year hiatus. The country had reacted
angrily to tweets from then Houston
Rockets general manager Daryl my
supporting Hong Kong anti-government
protesters in 2019. I remember all that
backlash. The backlash included Chinese
state broadcaster
CCTV
pulling its broadcast of the competition
as part of the fallout that Silver said
was likely to cost the league hundreds
of millions of dollars.
The WNBA has recently recently denied
that its commissioner Kathy Ingleberg
will resign once the new CBA is reached.
The threat of the players striking to
secure a better deal still remains.
The possibility of both the NBA and WNBA
playing in China comes as the former
doubles down on its commitment to the
country through a new multi-year
partnership with the Chinese Basketball
Association,
the CBA.
And I don't know if a lot of people
realize this. There's there's a hell of
a lot of NBA players or former NBA
players that play in China and they make
unbelievable money. Well, one guy that
had a really good NBA career
and then went over there and is known as
the Michael Jordan of China was Stefon
Marberry. He went over there, they
literally built a statue
in honor of Marberry. you became that
big of a superstar in China. He truly
became Starberry after all these years.
And actually, he had some pretty damn
good NBA years. And he even came out.
Was his shoe called the Starberry? I
can't remember for sure. Can you imagine
the fanfare?
I mean, it's I would think it would be
pretty obvious if they send a WNBA team,
it's probably going to be the Indiana
Fever. That's my guess anyway. But I
cannot imagine them doing it as any kind
of regular season game because you don't
want to you don't want to take
you don't want to take that value away
from either the visiting arena she's
going to or the Indiana Fever because
that's a lot of money.
So, you would think it would have to be
some kind of like pre-season exhibition
or something like that.
Tell me what you think. Black and White
Sports supporters, peace. I'm out. Till
next time.
>> Thanks for watching the show. Be sure to
like, comment, and subscribe. Be sure to
tune in next time on Black and White
Sports.