This is the economist who predicted the
global financial crisis and he's
sounding the alarm over a surge in large
Australian mortgages, warning it could
push the economy toward a sharp
slowdown. Professor Steve Keane argues
the new 5% deposit scheme for first home
buyers is yet another policy designed to
keep Australia's house price bubble
inflated.
The market could crash in the sense that
like lots of people are going to say,
"Okay, I'll bugger it. I'll give it a
try." uh and then they're going to find
the mortgage payments are beyond what
they can cope with or they might, you
know, certainly anybody who loses their
job is is toast. Across successive
governments, home buying incentives have
become a lazy way to stimulate the
economy. It's a feedback loop, which
Professor Keane calls a conjob, where
banks create vast amounts of mortgage
credit, propping up consumption and
consumer confidence, while also sending
up house prices and household debt
levels. Australia's household debt as a
percentage of GDP is the second highest
in the world behind only Switzerland.
This latest scheme encourages young
people to borrow more money than they
otherwise would to benefit the wealth
levels of older Australians like Anthony
Albanzy, who Professor Keane labeled the
country's prime real estate agent. In
the past, a pump in house prices has led
to more money in the hands of baby
boomers and additional demand for goods
and services. But Professor Keane says
this time the boost might not happen.
Debt levels are now so high that
mortgage holders are going to stop
consuming.
Anybody who takes it on is is just not
going to be consuming it. The money that
they they borrow will will turn over in
the rest of the economy. Okay. So
there's still that positive from the
scale of money creation that the
government's doing and that the banks
are doing. There'll be more bad loans
out of this than I think any previous
policy. And then it says, what does that
do to the market? And then if you get
the point where people are actually, you
know, get enticed into the market and
then if a substantial percentage of them
find themselves unable to service their
mortgages, then that's going to put a
pretty negative pal on anybody else
getting into the market. So you can see
the prices flatlining at that level. If
people can't afford anything other than
their train tickets to work, they aren't
going to spend and the result will be a
slowdown of the economy. He calls the 5%
deposit scheme the last harrah of a
system that will no longer work to shore
up the economy in future.