Hey folks, Dr. Mike here for RP Strength
and today we're going to talk about a
new study that came out that shows that
creatine is not effective when combined
with weight training to actually get you
more jacked and that all of the quote
unquote muscle or lean body mass that
you gain from creatine seems to come
only from the water that creatine brings
in with it into the cell. Uh-oh. Is
creatine in trouble? Well, let's find
out. Let's talk about the study, break
it down, figure out the methods, the
results, talk about what the conclusions
are, and then compare it to the other
studies that have been done about the
subject to see where the truth really
lies. So, new study came out about
creatine. People, males and females,
trained for 12 weeks, took 5 g of
creatine daily. This was a great
study. Measured muscle size pre and
post. I'll link the study in the
description and a bunch of references as
well too if you want to read up to some
of the other studies we'll be talking
about today. And this is a really good
study. So we're not dogging on the
studies is seriously good work by the
researchers mostly from um University of
New South Wales in Sydney, Australia.
OM word to say that starts with a C and
ends with a n that they say in Australia
YouTube will kabash us for that one.
great study design, very robust internal
validity and has important insights. So
let's take a look at the uh basic design
and findings before digging a little bit
further. So the purpose of the study,
the express purpose was to examine
whether creatine monohydrate, which is
the most common and the most effective
form of creatine alone or combined with
resistance training increases lean body
mass beyond just water retention.
The participants were 63 healthy adults,
34 females, 29 males with an average age
of 31 years. Very applicable. I mean,
this is a big study. In exercise science
and sport science, 63 healthy adults is
one hell of a sample size. We're going
to be able to conclude a lot of really
good stuff from such a massive sample
size. The clarity with which we can see
the world with 63 participants is very,
very high. It was a randomized control
trial, which is probably the most
rigorous kind of study that there is.
They compared five grams of creatine
supplementation per day with no
supplementation over 13 total weeks.
That means each group got fake
creatine or real creatine did a week of
consuming the fake creatine 5 g per day
or real creatine for 5 g per day. 12
weeks of training and got their lean
body mass measured at the beginning
after one week after the creatine
loading phase was concluded and at the
end of that 12week phase.
So
the measurement method to figure out how
much muscle they were gaining was via
DEXA which is really really really uh
insightful method and also by um well no
I guess yep just dexa. Yeah, at baseline
after the washin period, which is a week
of taking creatine or fake creatine, and
after that 12 weeks of resistance
training, which is 13 weeks total, the
first week is just to get the creatine
going. They found that the immediate
effects after 7 days of of consuming
creatine was that the people that
consumed creatine on average gained
about a pound more muscle, quote
unquote, than the control group that
didn't have creatine. And that mainly
indicates water related changes because
creatine does not grow a pound of muscle
if you just start taking it. That's
creatine bringing water into your cells.
So far so good. Very, very expected.
What we would expect next if creatine
really is effective at helping you build
muscle is the group that weight trained
with creatine would gain more muscle
between week one and week 12 versus
between week zero and week 12 than the
group that weight trained but didn't
have any creatine.
the resistance training phase
occurred. Both the uh groups, the
creatine and non-creatine group gained
roughly 4 lbs of lean mass, which is
pretty dope for 12 weeks of training.
And there was no significant difference
between groups.
Uh-oh. That means that the group that
took creatine and trained didn't gain
any more muscle than the group that
didn't take creatine and trained. That
is curious. If creatine actually
affected muscle growth, you would think
it would boost training results, but in
this study, it did
not. Females had a little bit of a
bigger lean mass
increase from the creatine washin. A lot
of times, females actually respond a
little bit better to creatine because
females typically tend to undereat u
protein and undereat meat compared to
males. Sometimes they have a bigger
response in some studies to creatine.
such a small amount that I wouldn't say
this is something to run home to, but um
neither sex showed significant lean mass
gains over the course of the 12 weeks of
training if they took creatine versus if
they
didn't. Not great. So, the conclusion of
the study by the study authors was that
creatine's initial lean mass increase is
almost certainly likely due to water
retention. That's not contentious. And
that creatine in this study did not
enhance muscle gain beyond its initial
water bloating effect. So that the
people who used creatine to help them
lift weights didn't get any more jacked
taking in 5 g of creatine per day, which
is the standard dose is the dose I take,
than the folks that didn't. And the
author's implication here was that maybe
a higher creatine maintenance dose that
during the 12 weeks, more than 5 grams a
day might be necessary for creatine to
show additional true hypertrophy. But
this is kind of an interesting
conclusion to me. Most studies show that
five grams is more than good enough.
Many studies show that two to three
grams of creatine can detectably enhance
muscle hypertrophy. So what the hell is
going on here, right? Um so we have to
be open-minded and think, okay, maybe
the muscle quote unquote that people
gain on creatine when they think they're
gaining is really just body water. And
some of it definitely is. But this study
just by itself concludes that all of it
is. And for this study, that's
definitely true. That's what seemed to
have been happening. But before we
conclude this video and say, hey,
listen, creatine has been refuted. I'm
sure you've seen a bunch of memes and
infographics by now that no creatine
doesn't work. Science works never, ever,
ever one study at a time. Science builds
its understanding of the world by taking
lots and lots of studies and putting
them together, zooming out and seeing,
you know, what is the overall message
we're getting from these studies. Let me
give you an example in the real world
with almost no science whatsoever. Let's
say you have a friend that you think is
super funny and super cool and you have
another friend that you think is super
awkward and kind of weird. You love him,
but it's not for public consumption.
Maybe you are biased. You're just vibing
weird. Maybe you're the weird one. And
the friend that you think is cool and
funny really isn't. And the friend that
you think is awkward and strange really
isn't. And they're roughly kind of the
same effect on people that they meet. If
I gave you a situation where we had both
friends separately meet with a person
who never saw them before and then
afterwards we asked the person, hey,
which one was funny/cool and which one
was kind of weird?
Whatever that one person says, how much
faith do we put in to their answer being
like the actual truth that pretty much
everyone will agree with? Come on, one
person. I mean, the person you pick
could just be a wacky, strange, no
offense, Dungeons and Dragons playing
Asmouth. And then they'll be like, "I
really like the weird friend. He was the
cool one to me." And you're like, "Oh,
that's not true. That's wrong." What if
you had someone who's a real bro and
real like vibes person? They like the
chill cool guy and they hate the real
nerd guy, but maybe that's not
representative. Not everyone's a bro.
So, how do you really parse that
problem? That right there is one study
at a time. How do you really solve that
problem over time? You have 100 people,
at least 10 people, for the love of God
meet your two friends and tell you
afterwards, hey, which one was cool and
which one was weird? Look, if you meet a
hundred people and most of them say
you're chill and funny, you're probably
chill and funny. If you meet a 100
people and most of them say you're kind
of weird, you're probably kind of weird.
But it's those multiple interactions
that really build a big picture. One
examination at a time could just be
chance. It could be mismeasurement. It
could be that the person you're asking,
hey, how was my friend? They're actually
thinking about their exam they have
later that day and they're like, "Uh,
yeah, that one was chill. He was funny.
It was cool. Yeah, I got to go." and
you're like, "Okay, I guess that's what
it is." It's like, "They didn't even
think it through. That's just error." So
that's how science works. So if you see
anyone study at a time, we can't be too
sure that they really discover the truth
or that it was just strange finding.
Statistical error is 100% possible. Our
understanding our visibility to reality
is fuzzy. But if we do it over and over
and over and over, then after a while
we're like, "Yeah, man. That really is a
thing." Another quick analogy is one of
sports. You have two people who play
basketball. How do you find out who's
better at basketball? Do you have them
play one game? Um, I mean, people get
lucky. The guy can sprain his ankle. A
guy can have an off day. One game
doesn't tell you a lot. But if you have
people play 10 games against each other,
10 games to seven points or something
like that, and one guy wins eight games
and loses two, he's probably the better
basketball player. So, what we're going
to do now is we're going to look at a
huge body of evidence, kind of a total
body of the evidence we've collected
over literally decades about about
creatine to ask two questions about
creatine to see if they agree or
disagree with this study. Here are two
questions. Does creatine cause actual
muscle gain and not just lean, not just
uh body water gain? We test this. We do
after wash out period. So they have
people train with weights and either
take creatine or not. And then they
don't test their lean muscle after the
study. They test it a week later when
they're no longer taking creatine. So
they lose all the creatine bloat. And if
that group still has more muscle gain
than the group that didn't take
creatine, well, it must have been
something the creatine did cuz that was
the only different variable. And the
body water isn't even around anymore. So
then creatine really actually caused
muscle gain. The second thing we're
going to look at is whether creatine
enhances that weight training induced
muscle growth in a way that's
independent of water retention, which is
really kind of the same thing, but we
need to see does the wash out period
account for that? And then later, okay,
now we have the wash out period, it
really works. Does the creatine enhance
weight training performance and muscle
growth in a way that is reliable and
happens with or without the creatine
present? So, took a look at a bunch of
studies. I've summarized or I've linked
some of them for you in the description
of this video if you want to take a
look couple of findings that are very
very apparent through these studies.
First, creatine alone with no resistance
training, if you take it, it primarily
increases your lean mass due to
intracellular water retention. And
typically you get like basically two
pounds of rapid lean muscle, lean body
gains within about a week of taking
creatine at even 5 grams a day. And
that's very little if not zero actual
muscle growth. It's just body water. So
that's true
bloat. Which also means that if you take
creatine all the time and you don't lift
weights, which would be strange to do,
you're not going to get jacked. Now
that's not the case for all supplements
and drugs. If you take anabolic steroids
and you don't lift weights, you actually
just grow muscle. Even without
weightlifting, which is
triple, but with creatine, that doesn't
seem to happen. But it does cause a body
water increase. You take creatine for a
week, your body mass goes up, lean body
mass, your muscles look more swole,
literally in the mirror. And you don't
take creatine for the week and it goes
right back down. Make sense? Now,
creatine, so that's answering our first
question. There is absolutely this
effect.
Creatine combined with resistance
training, does it actually gain you
muscle? Aside from body water? A lot of
findings here. First, we find in
multiple studies that creatine
consistently enhances true muscle
hypertrophy beyond water.
Typically, the group that used creatine
versus the one that didn't adds
about 2 to four pounds of muscle more
than the group that doesn't, which is
really, really dope. Over the course of
about 8 to 12 weeks, by the way. So,
roughly 10 weeks of weight training and
taking creatine, you can expect maybe
about three extra pounds of muscle gain.
That's the first time you try creatine.
It levels off after that, but that's
pretty impressive.
And you see greater increases in muscle
fiber cross-sectional area confirmed via
muscle biopsies, confirmed by MRI and
ultrasound. And some of these methods do
account for body water, which is really,
really dope. We've had creatine studies
that have looked at fiber specific
hypertrophy. We find that type one
fibers and type two fibers, type two
fibers a little bit more, are are
experiencing muscle hypertrophy
increase, which is really awesome.
We can also examine regional
hypertrophy. Creatine isn't just a whole
body effect. Some studies assess the
muscles that were trained versus just a
random muscles in the body. So you you
have a person who's lifting for just
their arms and their arms while taking
creatine grow way way more uh in this
case 7.1% gain in muscle cross-sectional
area versus 1.6% gain without creatine.
That is very impressive. Very
impressive. and not accounted for by
body water. So this indicates true
hypertrophy is linked directly to
exercise stimulus in addition to taking
creatine. And another study or group of
studies finds that older adults also
experience meaningful hypertrophy. And
so that starts to say that not only are
they experiencing meaningful
hypertrophy, but there are functional
improvements associated with creatine
muscle gain. What does that mean? That
means in most of the studies that test
not just your muscle gain from creatine,
which could be body water, but they test
your strength as well. And in almost
every study, when you gain muscle from
creatine, you also get stronger. Just
adding body water to a muscle bloat it
up, it gives you a pump, doesn't make
you stronger. only adding actual
physical muscle like the the myosin and
actin machinery in the sarcimeirs that
makes your muscles contract to do the
thing. That's the only thing that's
going to make you stronger outside of
neural changes. And remember the groups
that don't use creatine, they get the
same neural changes cuz they're doing
the exercises. So the nervous system
gets the same workout either way. The
creatine group, not only do they get
bigger, they get stronger, too. Now,
that shows us that man, there's
something happening here that is not
accounted for by body water alone. And a
couple of studies, actually multiple
studies, focused on the idea of like,
well, what if we're just not washing out
properly? An example here is one
specific study, canow at all, which
should be linked in the description, I
sure hope.
Um they did a wash out
period where they gained they so they
basically did some training with
creatine. Then they did a bunch of
training without creatine and their
gains from the creatine training phase
still held in place weeks after the
creatine was no longer around. And that
confirms that the hypertrophy or very
highly suggests that the muscle growth
folks got from creatine really was
actual muscle because the body water is
gone but you're still more jacked kind
of by definition means it can't be body
water. Now a similar study that was just
done which is the study we're reviewing
this Hagstrom paper it showed that well
actually after wash out period we don't
have any sort of uh effect there. the
washin period uh accounted for that. And
so we basically saying here that well it
was really only body water. Now it could
be true except we have one study that
shows creatine only results in body
water gain which is this one. And
there's a few more out there floating
around and then literally dozens of
studies just as well controlled that
show that creatine enhances actual
muscularity in addition to bringing in
body water. one study at a time when it
is an aberrant conclusion that doesn't
align with most of the other studies is
very interesting. But if you look at
most of the studies at the same time,
which is what science is all about, it's
starting to show us that creatine
probably actually makes you jacked.
Every now and again, some studies get
wacky and they find no effect. But I'll
get to why they're doing that in just a
little bit. So, for now, our confidence
in creatine is starting to rise
significantly more than when I first
started this video and told you, "Hey,
mate, creatine, this new study found,
doesn't really do anything." Here's
another interesting line of evidence
that shows us creatine probably gains
muscle. I mean, the best evidence is
directly shown to gain muscle uh
irrespective of body water gain. That's
the most direct, but it's really cool to
also have indirect evidence to support
that position. So, we have a bunch of
it. First, creatine usually enhances the
performance. You get more reps per set
or able to do a little bit more weight
per set. And it enhances your ability to
do multiple sets productively for higher
reps every time. And it enhances your
relative effort. It enhances, sorry, it
enhances the result of your relative
effort, the performance in each set, and
it enhances how much volume, how many
sets you can do productively before you
get so weak that you can't really train
anymore. that we know getting more reps
per set and we know that doing more sets
productively robustly predictably causes
muscle gain because creatine is allowing
us to do that. We're saying well there's
this mechanism by which we know weight
training re leads to more muscle and
creatine is clearly doing it. Okay,
that's pretty cool but wait there's
more. In multiple studies, cell
swelling, especially certain kinds of
cell swelling, triggers anabolic
signaling. A swollen cell becomes more
likely to grow muscle, and the initial
water-driven intracellular expansion of
creatine seems to cause muscle protein
synthesis pathways to activate. This has
been confirmed in numerous studies. Cell
hydration, especially if you're
dehydrated cells, is a known anabolic
stimulus. Is it really reliable? Is it
really dependable? Does it really cause
a lot of growth? No. Do nitric oxide
supplements help you get a pump? Yeah,
but that's actually your blood vessels
expanding and not your muscles
expanding. So, unfortunately, taking
nitric oxide pump supplements gives you
cooler pumps, but it's mostly a blood
flow thing and not an intramuscular
selling cell swelling thing. But if your
cells swell from either resistance
training, maybe even from creatine
consumption and definitely from shooting
exogenous insulin and growth hormone,
but I get ahead of myself there. Don't
do that at home. It's probably causing
at least a mild mechanistic increase in
muscle growth. Okay, another indirect
data point that's very good. Here's
where the real is hitting. Multiple
studies confirmed, including randomized
control trials, that creatine
significantly increases muscle fiber
nuclei number. That means that satellite
cells donate their nuclei to the main
cells. And that is one of the most
powerful and predictive mechanisms of
boosting hypertrophy. It's a different
thing if you take creatine and dot dot
dot something happens and then maybe you
look bigger versus if you take creatine
and instrumentation confirms that it's
activating the most powerful growth
pathways that the body
has. That means it's probably growing
some muscle. Now some things activate
pathways but the pathways end up getting
muted later or deactivate some and on
the net balance it doesn't grow any
muscle. But remember from earlier, from
most of the studies, we already know
creatine grows muscle. From some of
those studies, we know that creatine
grows muscle even if we account for the
body water effect. From other studies,
we know that it boosts the ability of
training to drive a stimulus. That's
really good. And now we're seeing that
well, it activates satellite cells more
and brings in more myionuclei, which is
a known from 50 other different kinds of
studies way to get you more jacked.
Here's the last one for this part.
Creatine reduces myostatin expression.
Myostatin muscle stopper is a protein
everyone makes in their skeletal muscles
that reduces how much muscle growth you
have. It's a cap on your growth. If you
make less myostatin, it frees your
muscles up to grow more. You guys ever
see those pictures? Scott, can we insert
a picture of one of those greyhounds or
cows or some like that that has
broken myostatin? Yes. Those animals
just have a completely non-functional
skeletal muscle meostatin gene, which
means they grow muscle doing nothing all
the time and they grow maximum muscle
all the time. This is way more
powerful than steroids. Creatine just by
a little bit has been shown in the
scientific literature to decrease the
expression of myostatin, which means
that protein that blocks growth,
creatine lowers it. It frees up more
growth. Now man, this is starting to
look like we have evidence of creatine
gaining muscle. We have evidence of that
in the absence of body water or
controlling for body water changes. We
have performance enhancements we know
also cause hypertrophy. Creatine does
those. And we have satellite cells and
myostatin activity being modulated, both
of which are really linked to growth.
It's kind of starting to look like
something's happening. You know, it's
like you see a guy in an expensive car
and you're like, is he really rich? He
shows you his bank account. You're like,
"Okay, that's a lot of money, but is it
fake?" He shows you his portfolio of
companies and you're like, "Okay, these
clearly make money." And then you're
like, "Well, maybe it's all fake." You
talk to the customers and they're like,
"These are great products and I pay
money for them all the time and they
really work." And you're like, "Yeah,
guess this guy really does make money.
Holy crap." Multiple a consilience of
evidence from multiple perspectives
shows you, yeah, this thing is probably
really happening.
So, what are the conclusions from this
overarching body of evidence? Creatine
reliably augments, improves real muscle
hypertrophy with resistance training.
These effects extend beyond acute fluid
shifts and they are sustained after
supplementation. The muscle you build on
creatine, most of it you keep
afterwards. That's cool.
And maybe a higher initial loading phase
or more sustained high dose clearly
enhances hypertrophy. But we know for
many of these studies that even lower
doses do this in most of the studies.
Some of the studies that show creatine
doesn't work. And this study we reviewed
today is not one of them are too
short-term just a few weeks or too low
dose one to two grams. They show that
creatine doesn't build muscle. But
that's really like you know asking
someone like hey um interact with my
friend to see if he's funny. They're
like okay. They sit across the table.
They're like, "So, what's up?" And the
friend's like, "So, anyway," and they're
like, "Okay, that's it. What do you
think? What is he funny?" Like, "But I
didn't even hear him saying I I don't
know. His face looked I don't know. Not
enough. Not enough time, not enough
friend." You get the
idea. Overall practical takeaway from
this whole body of literature is that
creatine results in actual muscle gains,
function to make you bigger and
stronger, are really supported by
mechanisms, and are irrespective of body
water. though it does also help with the
body water thing. It's not just
transient body weight like this study
found. And in fact, creatine is one of
the few genuinely hypertrophic
supplements robustly backed by
randomized control trials. There are not
a lot of other supplements that have the
effect creatine does. Creatine is the
number one non-drug muscle building
supplement, period. Especially if you're
consuming enough protein in your diet.
So, what does this mean about our new
study? Here's the thing. Like I said
earlier, one study at a time means very
little, if not nothing at all in the
grand scheme. Imagine you're trying to
figure out, Scott, we go through this
all the time, right? When we're
collabing with people and we start
talking about other influencers with
them and we're asking them like, "Hey,
is XYZ person cool and they either say
yes or no, how much stock do we put into
one person's opinion?" Yeah. Very
little. You got to pull some more. You
got to pull some more, man. You don't
know. They just didn't vibe right or
something like that. One study at a time
just says almost nothing. Which you guys
can take into the real world. If you
follow Instagram, some of these science
pages, you go on the news or your aunt
at Thanksgiving tells you, well, I heard
a study says a study is a hint. It's a
hint. The rest of it is like all the
studies combined. That's how you really
find out. So far, creatine is one of the
most well- vetted supplements and
actually builds muscle for multiple
multiple studies, not just water weight.
But here's the thing, creatine does not
build a ton of muscle. It is not like
weight training. It is not like
steroids, and it's not like eating a
good diet high in protein, getting lots
of sleep. It's a much smaller effect
than that. And it takes months to pack
on enough muscle for you to really
notice. So some studies because of this
very low effect magnitude of creatine
just by chance through statistical noise
even though creatine is under the hood
actually effective some studies will
find that it's not effective simply
because it has such a small effect. If
your friend is the funniest person of
all time a 5minute conversation with
most people revealed to them that okay
at least he's really funny. If your
friend is really low-key funny, Scott,
you ever have people be like, "My friend
is hilarious." And then you meet them
once and you're like, "H, yeah, all the
time." And all the time. And then you
but you hang out with him a few more
times and you're like, I I get it. I get
it. But you have to like know who Jim
is. You know, he's subtly funny in his
own way. You know what I'm talking
about? Absolutely. But it's nothing you
would immediately like just see. And so
only with tombs can we see immediately
that the person is not like the other,
right? So basically, if your friend is
low-key funny, a lot of people
interacting once won't pick up on that
and be like, "This that's not funny."
But you're like, "Trust me, you get to
know him. He's really funny." Well,
that's multiple samples. So every now
and again, a study about creatine will
conclude that it doesn't do anything
simply because it just doesn't do a
whole lot. If creatine did a ton, almost
every study would find something, but
creatine doesn't do a ton.
And a good way to illustrate this is
that the effect of creatine is on on
lean muscle gain is sometimes like
comparable or even smaller than the
error in measurement. For example, in
this study, the you know the one pound
of body water and muscle um that the
folks gained in the washin period, if
you read the actual study, the variance
plus minus on average was uh three
pounds.
The noise is three times bigger than the
signal. Are there ways to parse that
over long enough durations? Yes. But is
there a probability you'll miss the
whole thing? Yeah. Hell yeah, there is.
So, here's the kind of end-of-the-line
recommendation I have. Yes, creatine
still works. Yes, you should still be
taking it.
On the other hand, you should always be
on the lookout for new research that
will finally tune exactly how strong
creatine is because it could be like
over in the next several years we find
that you know what creatine is actually
underrated and if you take it like this
or combine it with this kind of training
is actually more powerful than we
thought. We might find that creatine is
accurately rated or we might find that
actually creatine a little bit
overrated. It does grow some muscle but
not as much as we used to think before
because there was kind of a file drawer
effect of selection bias in the studies.
The more studies we get, the more
unbiased they are, the more that
creatine sees. It does have an effect,
but a very small one. Um, and one of the
reasons I'm telling you guys this is
creatine doesn't have these crazy
transformative effects. It works. It
helps, but it's not this steroid like
effect. So, don't plan on when you start
taking creatine to be like, "Dude,
taking creatine now. Don't with me. I'm
going to be huge." If you're looking for
steroid effects from creatine, you're
almost always going to be disappointed.
Another thing is there's a variance
within individuals of how they respond
to creatine. Some people hardly respond
at all or not at all. Some people
respond a ton. Some people who have very
fast twitch muscle fibers and a lot of
them, you know, have undereaten meat
significantly which has its own little
creatine in it. They'll get huge gains.
Some people like after 3 months of
training gain 7 lbs of muscle from
creatine addition. Very rare but
possible. I knew at least one person
that did that reliably. The thing is
this study they could have just
accidentally recruited mostly creatine
low or non-responders and that's why
they found the situation they did. But
for almost everyone taking creatine,
don't expect for the steroid like
effects and at worst you'll be
pleasantly surprised. Uh at best you'll
be pleasantly surprised. At worst you'll
be like I gained a little bit and that's
cool. That's exactly what I was
expecting. All right folks, that's all I
have for today. Hopefully that makes
sense. got some references in there for
you to read up if you're a super nerd
and in the description and I will see
you next time.
[Music]
[Applause]