Look at where that grip points when I
finish. It's off to the left side of my
body. I'm not letting it come back and
snap me in the side. Anytime you're
hitting a pitch, I'm feeling more of
that low swing technique of having the
handle lead. Completely depends on face
angle and ball direction.
So that's my little low tight spinner.
Those were the same shots. The one that
was here tumbled out an extra 30 ft. The
one that I just did it here just
literally hit and spun immediately.
People always ask like, you know, what's
the difference between a chip, a pitch?
Hey, when I have a 30- yard shot, can I
still have that chipping motion and be
able to hit that bump and run at a
greater distance if that pin's back? You
know, and so I'm I'm going to kind of
help you guys understand that your setup
really is the only thing that is the
biggest change in everything. And and
here's what I mean. So, come come on
over here, guys. Feel free to get right
in front of me. I think this is the best
perspective to be able to see setup
changes. The high soft shot was when you
put the ball forward and have the face
more open. The lower tighter shot
getting on the ground and running is
when you have the ball back with the
face more shut with the hands leading
and more forward. Right? So this is the
this is the setup right here with the
lower shot. Here's the setup with the
higher shot. Right? The shaft is more
perpendicular to me. On this one, it's
more of a forward shaft lean. Now, when
I'm hitting a little green side bump and
run like we worked on yesterday, yes, I
like to play the ball with my right
armpit. I like the top of my pendulum,
my sternum right in front of the golf
ball. You know, one thing that's a
constant, guys, whether I'm hitting a
high one or a low one. Watch my nose.
Watch my sternum. It's always
very, very centered, very still. And
that's one thing, Brian, I think, you
know, when you work on it, getting rid
of even on these, that kind of push in
both directions will make you more
consistent. Think about this guys. One
of the basics of understanding how to
have a consistent bottom of your swing
is making sure that the top of your
pendulum doesn't move. Right? So, when
you look at that shot that I hit right
there, you can see I I had that cut of
the uh of the lawn there where you can
see the pinch of turf just past that. We
talked about that low point always
wanting to be ahead of the golf ball.
That's the key. We want the low point to
still descend past the ball. Well, it
makes sense if the bottom of my swing is
here and I align my sternum right over
the top of that and I keep it very
still. Well, guess what? The bottom of
my swing
will be past the golf ball. Now, here's
the big thing is the only way that you
ruin the bottom of your swing when you
have your sternum in the right spot and
you're not moving from side to side. So,
here's the proper technique, right? The
only way you ruin that is if you release
this angle early. All right. The one one
thing that you're going to want to know
for most of you who already released the
cloth club a little bit too much
anyways. Watch how I finish here. If I
were to finish and hold this golf club
in the middle here, put it out to the
left side of my body. Look at where that
grip points when I finish. It's off to
the left side of my body. I'm not
letting it come back and snap me in the
side. All right. So, when you look at my
technique and look at the way that I
finish,
that one came off real nice there. You
can see, look at the handle. It's out
left of me here and it's not pointed
back at me. A lot of us are finishing on
this shot up here. And that's when the
club head starts to pass your hands. The
momentum of it continues to carry on.
But the thing that I don't like about
that is that is 100% that early release
is going to start bottoming out too soon
and we either chunk it, stub it, or then
blade it. I want you guys to know
whether I'm hitting a little bump and
run right here just down in front of me
here that's landing just on the edge of
the green
or I'm hitting one
that's going 30 yards here and then
running out to a back pin.
The only thing that I'm changing
is how much I take the club back. And
I'm not using my arms to do that. I'm
just turning my shoulders. What what's
the feeling of connection in in in
chipping and pitching and and these
little shots we're hitting right here?
Connection is still center of body and
hands together.
I'm making sure that that triangle that
you see here stays together.
One thing that allows me to be connected
is I have pressure points. Back of my
triceps are really pulled in to the side
of my pec right here into the front like
I'm plugging in and then I'm bringing my
elbows together. I'm not doing that and
getting tight. I'm doing that I'm
staying soft. I'm staying relaxed. I
still have the appropriate grip pressure
to be able to control the golf club. But
I want you to see when I get in here,
guys, look at my arms here. Watch how
they narrow up real quickly once I get
set. See this? I pull those together.
Now, watch. I leave them together.
And when I leave them together, whenever
my elbows stay together, it forces me to
turn to move my hands. So that's where
now I can feel my shoulders initiate my
back swing and my arms aren't drifting
off. Guys, I don't want to see this left
arm break and bend. This happens a lot
for a lot of us. When you watch that
left arm, look at my left arm how it
extends and it stays out in front of me.
So I want you guys to watch my finish.
I'm really going to hold my finish for
all of you here. This is the little bump
and run. I'm landing about, you know,
30, 40 feet in front of me.
And look at that right there. You see
how? Watch this. Watch this, guys. If I
were to not change anything and I turn
my chest back, look at that. See, I'm
right back in my setup. So, I'm
presetting impact position with my
setup. I'm arriving there and I'm
maintaining that angle. Now, let's go to
the higher shot. The higher shot where
we put that ball a little more forward,
the face is open, and the shaft is a
little more perpendicular to me. We
talked about this yesterday. Watch this.
Now, when you see this, the club looks
like it's past my hands. Now, I still am
presetting my impact position with
the shaft being perpendicular to me and
the face being open. And guess what? At
the point of contact, I am arriving
right back there. But I am letting the
club head swing a little bit on this one
because I'm trying to deliver it with
loft. I'm not trying to start with it
here
and then forward shaft lean. that that's
going to knife it out to the right right
there. I don't want to do that. So, but
I want you to see I'm not flipping this.
It's just that the momentum of the club
here continues to go past me. Not
because I'm releasing it back here. I'm
still keeping this wrist firm. That's
why I'm doing the most with my setup.
Guys, what are the majority of all of us
doing? Early releasing. Now, for Mike
and myself, who are plus handicaps and
we've been taught to be here our whole
life. Mike remembers a period of time
where I had to really work hard to feel
like I actually threw the golf club.
Guys, watch. This is me feeling like I
throw the golf club. Ready? Like this.
Okay.
And see how nippy that came off right
there with all that spin.
If you would look at me at impact, I'd
still probably almost have a a fraction
of forward shaft lean, maybe matching up
perfectly right there, but I never have
the club actually pass my hands. Now,
that's because I've worked my whole life
to not let it pass my hands. Now, for
all of us who typically toss that club
and cast it in transition more than
others, I think it's important to
understand what what you personally need
to feel. Okay? If that is the case, you
cannot be somebody to think about trying
to catch the club head up to your body.
Now, what literally happens is this. I
try to feel like I reduce the amount the
club gets behind my hands. I try to take
some hinge away because if I load this
angle, well, guess what, guys? I've got
to unload it. And that's hard to do. I
try to feel my body really take this
away
so that it arrives with less forward
shaftling on the way down. and I don't
have to unload as much. So, that always
has helped me feeling very dead hands in
U-shape on that shot, right? That helps
me get that higher, softer flight that
all three of those shots had. Now, the
big thing I think you guys need to
understand is all of you would be better
off always feeling like you're swinging
the handle of the golf club than not.
Meaning, this is a tendency. So, even
though yes, the club head and my body
should all be staying centered and
working together, that's always been a
feeling of mine. You need to feel for
most of you like you're still getting
the handle moving. And you feeling that
you're doing that will actually get it
to match up and still get the low point
past the ball. Watch this guys. This is
the higher softer shot. And the low
point of the swing and Mike and I talk
about it still needs to be
past the golf ball. A lot of us bounce
into it here and then bounce up into the
golf ball. I'm still
hitting down past that golf ball and you
can see the grass is moving beyond that
line. All right. And that's where I just
want you guys to know what you
personally have to feel. Now, chip and
pitch, I don't think there's a
tremendous difference other than maybe a
little bit of setup and a little bit of
just length of swing. A chip for me.
Yes. And this was an observation that
that Brian made that I thought was a
good one. Green side, I will really
throw that ball back there. You know, we
talked about ball position is not
relative to your to your feet, it's
relative to your center. So, this is the
big mistake. If you think about it's
relative to your feet, the guy thinks
they're playing it back, playing it off
their big toe right here. And the fact
is it's still right in the middle of
your stance because of a narrow stance,
right?
I'm back here. So, when I hit the real
low green side one, you know, I'll get
that ball on my back shoulder and look
at that handle's way ahead of it. And
that club then works up at an angle and
see I can just pinch that thing
perfectly at that nice contact and it
drives nice and low there. Well, I would
tell you that the pitch would be a
little bit more not a very different
technique, the same feeling, but I'm
moving it maybe a little bit more
forward up to the armpit as opposed to
way back behind by the shoulder. More
here. And then look, it it's not as far
back, but I still have a little forward
shaft, a little more turn,
and there's more of a pitch right there
where you saw that was more of a medium
trajectory. That ball will get on a
green into a back pin, still at least
run out a little bit. All right. Anytime
you're hitting a pitch, I'm feeling more
of that low swing technique of having
the handle lead. And I'm just letting
you guys whether you guys want it to run
out more or deaden a little bit
completely depends on face angle and
ball position. So the pitch would be
more of like right chest armpit face
more square closed
little softer one more left chest armpit
face a little more open. still swing the
handle on both for all of you and
that'll help the angle of attack. And
the face angle and ball position will
either help the ball run or deaden. And
then of course you guys know the
extremes, the bookends, the real high
soft one, the real low running one. Hey,
over here, over here, really closed,
really open. Okay, this is a very common
one on tour. very common one that I play
a lot where I'm setting up narrow
putting the ball just ahead kind of
under the logo on my shirt opening the
face. Ready for this? So, I'm setting up
essentially to hit it a little higher,
but I hit the low swing feeling. So, I'm
going to have the bump and run feel
here. Watch the flight on this guys.
Here's the bump and run feel.
Do you see that thing? And watch how see
how much spin that thing had right
there. That's my spinner. So that's my
little lowtight spinner. People always
ask how to hit the low tight spinner.
Here's how I'd phrase it. And my players
are very good at this shot. They set up
slightly with some high shot tendencies
with a couple low swing variot variables
in there as well. The high ones are this
kind of how you can mix and match them,
right? Not to get too complicated for
you guys, but I wanted you to see how
that ball did what it just did right
there. Cuz you saw those were the same
shots.
The one that was here tumbled out an
extra 30 feet. The one that I just did
it here just literally hit and spun
immediately. Right. I'm setting up with
it still left of center.
That's that's a high characteristic,
right? It's like a you know of of the
setup right there. Now I'm opening the
face. One more thing that would be the
characteristic of a high high shot as
well. But I'm not hitting it like the
high shot with more turn and letting the
club head catch up. I'm hitting this one
feeling like I'm swinging the handle
forward and that angle of attack with
that open face. Think about a ping pong
paddle.
Starts it low, but it has a bunch of
spin on it. Little bit forward there.
Okay, there's the face open. Watch me
kind of swing the handle.
Oh, that was good. Came off perfect. And
look at this thing. Yeah, you guys see
how quickly that thing stops. Ain't that
cool? That's a shot that everybody like.
The pros are really good at that. They
have like that low spinner. No matter
what, even if that face is open, I take
a very straight, normal golf swing. And
I understand that ball's going to go in
the direction that I'm swinging, not in
the direction of the club face. It only
goes, by the way, guys, in the direction
of the club face when it blades off the
leading edge, cuz that's a flat surface,
right? So, if it was a putter, I always
talk about, and it's pointed over at
you, Rick, and I'm swinging towards
Kevin, but I'm pointing this at Rick,
guess what? I swing at Kevin, it's still
going to you, Rick. I open this face and
I point it over to Clark over there even
or even John way over here and I swing
to Kevin. It's going right here to
Kevin, right over your head, Michael
behind him. Right. So when you guys
watch this, I'm kind of going at the
corner of the wall over there. Look at
this. I got this face up to the, you
know, the the pine tree out there 30
yards right of this. But watch where I'm
swinging. I'm going to swing right down
the line towards this wall right here.
And you're gonna see, look where that
ball's going to go.
Right to the corner on the wall. Not bad
there.
All right. So, that right there is
important. That That's a trust thing.
That's a trust thing right there. You
know, a lot of people see that open face
and it's like, ugh, what do I do with
that? At Forzac Golf, we take a lot of
pride in having developed some of the
best and most consistent golf swings on
the planet. We do this through
simplicity. Our full swing master class
will take you on a step-by-step, easy to
understand process on how to get your
golf swing better than ever. Join the
many before you who've utilized our full
swing master class to take their games
to the next level and beyond.
[Music]