and Kevin Klein. Um, I learned a lot
about Kevin Klein. One thing I learned
about Kevin Klein is that he likes to
walk around with his robo. Um, that, uh,
for me, I learned more than I needed to
to ever know about Mr. Kevin Klein.
[Music]
[Music]
Hey besties. Blake Lively's attorneys
waited until the end of business, the
end of the court day in order to drop
what they decided to do about this
audio. The audio that Blake claims
includes statements by Steve Sorrowowitz
about how he was going to spend $100
million or such to destroy her. And this
audio which was recorded without the
consent apparently of Steve by Claire
Aub who is a director and writer of the
film Empire Waste that was produced and
released by Wayfair Studios in the fall
of 2024. This was evidence that Blake
Lively's attorneys had that they opted
not to file with the court when they
provided this to the court months ago as
a part of their motion for sanction or
motion for trouble damages and punitive
damages under 47.1.
They never provided a copy to the court.
The letter today that was filed by them,
it makes clear that no one at the court
has ever had a copy of this, including
the judge. No one. Not a single person.
Earlier this week, the judge noticed
that and said told them, "Listen, we're
getting requests about this audio that
was on the docket that I unsealed. We
don't have a copy of it. You need to
tell me what you're going to do so that
we can get this out to the public." So,
their response letter says, "In
accordance with your honors October
15th, 2025 order, plaintiff Blake Lively
and defendants Wayfair Studios," and
then they name all the parties,
"Respectfully write to inform the court
of their efforts to publicly release the
audio files submitted in support of Miss
Lively's motion for fees and damages
under California's Civil Code 47.1,
which the court previously ordered
unsealed. The parties have conferred and
agreed to provide the clerk's office
with copies of the physical audio
recording in a CD format, which will
then be distributed to or copied for the
public upon the clerk's office receiving
such request. Council for the parties
confirmed that the clerk's office is
amendable to the foregoing approach
which the parties agree provides public
access to the audio file in lie of the
file being filed on the public docket
which the court's docket cannot accom
accommodate from a technical standpoint.
Council has received limited outreach
for the audio file to date and intends
to provide a sufficient number of copies
to accommodate any anticipated requests
to the clerk's office and will also
provide additional copies as needed.
That's what their agreement is. We are
going to provide a copy of this via CD
to the clerk and the clerk is okay with
this method. What I find ironic though
and strange is like why didn't you give
a copy of the CD to the clerk when you
filed the motion to begin with? Had you
done that in the beginning, we wouldn't
be here today? And how was the judge
supposed to review the audio in the
motion without a physical copy? There's
I just have so many questions here.
So, what I think is really strange is
that generally speaking, in order for
them to admit an audio recording into
federal court, it needs to be
authenticated to make sure that it
hasn't been doctorred, that it's the
chain of custody is clear, and so that
you know that the audio recording you're
hearing is accurate. So, generally, if
they're going to file an exhibit like
this into the courtroom, they would need
to create a sworn statement that
authenticates the recording. So, it
should detail the method of the
recording, the chain of custody, and the
accuracy of it. A written transcript is
crucial to help the judge and jury
understand the audio. You can use
standard digital audio formats like MP3,
Wave, or MP4 when you upload. So you can
use electronic means to upload you can
also provide a copy a physical copy of
the CD but generally when submitted to
the court you would not just submit a
copy of the CD or the physical but you
would also file a copy of the transcript
along with the chain of custody so that
the court knows that this has been
verified. Without that we don't even
know. It could just be hearsay. And
really all Claire says is that I
recorded this because of X, Y, and Z. So
maybe she's trying to authenticate it,
but she did not say the means that she
used to record it. She doesn't say, "I
recorded it on my phone. I used uh a
tape recorder. I She doesn't say how it
was recorded. Did she record it with
voice memo? Was she on a Zoom call with
him and recorded the Zoom call?" Right?
We don't know how it was. And another
thing I was thinking about is even if
the audio is revealed and released into
the public, we don't even know if this
is admissible in court, like we haven't
even gotten to the point in the trial
that once this comes out, right? This
may not even be allowed at trial. They
might they would have to determine that
it's relevant to the top it's relevant
to the case that the chain of custody
was followed that it's authenticated
that it hasn't been tampered with that
it was legally obtained or provi like
submitted and what I think is just
really odd is that you know Wayfair
isn't fighting this they're saying
release it so maybe they're they're
admitting that it's real but even so
even with it as an exhibit this is
simply an exhibit this hasn't hasn't
been ruled as evidence for the trial. It
hasn't been admitted as evidence for the
trial. In order to go to that step,
they're going to have to go through much
longer lengths to make sure that it's
going to trial. Right now, it's simply
an exhibit that they're using to support
a motion. And interestingly, the judge
issued two orders here that kind of
coincide and overlap with this issue
related to the New York Times wanting a
final judgment, which right now the
judge says he doesn't think it's the
appropriate time for that. And he's
telling the New York Times that their
dismissal is already final in that
they've been dismissed. But right now,
there are still outstanding motions for
fees. And he's asking every single party
in the case to respond to him about what
motions are outstanding, whether or not
those motions mean that the case is
still open. And he'll make a decision on
whether or not he can discharge New York
Times. But he stated that the Times
motion is predicated on the mistaken
notion that the court's order dismissing
the complaintant in this case will not
become final until after a final
decision is rendered in the lively
action. The court consolidated this case
with the lively action. But the effect
of that order was not to make the time
to appeal a final judgment in this case
run from a final judgment in both cases.
Rule 42 does not have such an effect. As
the Supreme Court has clarified, even
when cases are consolidated, constituent
cases retain their separate identities,
at least to the extent that a final
decision in one is immediately
appealable by the losing party. They
need to show cause as to why this should
be ordered. He also wants them to
respond to whether or not having open
fees motions means that the case is not
final. So all the parties have to
respond to whether or not they agree or
disagree about whether or not this isn't
final or if you know the case can be
discharged for the New York Times
because he would essentially be
discharging it for everyone. With
consolidated cases like this, often in
federal court, they don't usually like
to do motions on sanctions or fees or
such until the very end when all the
cases are resolved. In the case of the
New York Times, they're sort of separate
from everyone else. So, we'll see how
they respond in that. When it comes to
back, if we circle back to what's going
on with the CD, the judge told Blake
that she has until Monday to provide a
copy of that to the court. So, she has
until Monday, October 20th, to provide a
copy of the physical CD no later than
October 20th, 2025. So again, what I
just think is odd about all of this is
that Blake's team should have filed the
CD or provided a copy of the CD to the
court immediately when they filed the
document. They didn't. Uh the way that
they're choosing to file it with a
physical CD, which gives the CD directly
to the clerk and then the clerk has to
make a copy. It's not the most
accessible way for individuals to get a
copy of the technology from the court.
Generally speaking, you can 100% share a
wave file or an electronic file with the
court. You don't need it to be on a
physical CD. Accessibility is decreased
when it has to be physically mailed, but
it's not the first time something like
that would happen. So ultimately, it's
just creating a few more steps for
individuals. Like you're going to have
to physically go to the court. You're
going to have to request a copy of it
from the clerk. And then the clerk will
charge you a fee to give you a copy of
the CD. Then once you have the CD, you
have to have a CD player, which not
everyone has. I do have an attachment on
my computer, but I'm definitely not
going to be making a request for this
audio simply because I'm in Minnesota. I
don't have time to get to New York to go
to the clerk to request this. And
snail mail would take forever for it to
get to me. So, it's probable that
there's someone on Reddit that will
record will run down to the clerk's
office on Monday or Tuesday, get a copy,
and upload it online. You know, Blake's
team could have easily just they could
have decided to release it publicly
together. They could have just said,
"We're going to put it on a wave file
and we're going to post it on this
website." Right? They could release it
right now publicly if they wanted to.
Maybe they have fear that if they do it
themselves, they could be breaking the
law because it wasn't there's questions
now about whether or not it was legally
obtained. So, by giving it to the clerk,
it's out of their hands and the
distribution of it is through the clerk,
not through them. So, their hands are
off, you know, any questions about the
legality of it. But it just seems sort
of ridiculous that they didn't provide
this to the court when they filed the
motion. And it makes me question if they
ever really truly intended for this
motion to be anything more than simply a
PR performative stunt because one would
think, and I'm I'm currently being sued,
you know, when you provide a document
and evidence to the court, you file it
the same day as you file a motion. You
don't hold off on filing it because it's
under seal. You don't withhold it from
the court. The court relies on your
evidence in order to make decisions. And
the court and the judge, they don't have
access to your discovery. Discovery that
happens between parties is behind the
scenes. And the judges don't
automatically get access to the
discovery files. What's eventually
admitted into the court as evidence is
goes through the process of the motions
that happen in lemonade, which basically
are are we going to try to get things
out and not allowed into the court, you
know? So admissibility and all of that
doesn't happen until later on. So judges
don't just get an access to the
discovery file generally and documents
that are under seal that are on
attorney's eyes only defendants don't
get to see. So if they filed this under
attorney's eyes only it means that until
it was sealed unsealed Sarowitz didn't
get to hear it. Belon didn't get to hear
it. All these people didn't get to hear
it. And that means also that until it's
provided to the court, it's still
technically under seal in that nobody's
seen it yet or heard it yet. So
everyone's kind of just waiting. The
attorneys have seen it. Wayfair's
attorneys have seen it, but they don't
they may not even have a physical copy
of it yet. We don't know. So that's
where it's at right now. I still think
it's just weird in this day and age to
use a CD, but you know, whatever. Maybe
it's just their way to make it an
obstacle. So yeah, Monday it will be at
the court and whoever gets it, I think
there's a guy named someone named Clark
on Reddit that's going to be going to
the court as soon as they can on Monday
to get it. So it'll be online soon.
What's contained in the audio, whether
or not it's relevant, even if it'll go
to trial, that's remains to be seen. For
the motion, she's claiming it validates
that there was a conspiracy to take her
down. And we'll have to see if the audio
proves that conspiracy. Tell me what
your thoughts are in the comments below.
Make sure to give this video a thumbs
up. Make sure to subscribe to my channel
if you haven't subscribed and click the
bell so you never miss a video. Thanks
so much for watching. Bye, besties.