Hey everybody, Tim Miller from the
Bullwwork here with the Fingerling Trio.
I heard it's got some feedback that that
maybe the ladies were into it because
they thought it was fingerling potato
trio. Maybe. You never know. The
fingerling trio. It's Will Summer who
writes the uh newsletter called False
Flag and Sam Stein who's our managing
editor. Uh there's an article out from
Politico that we had to get the gang
together for. The headline tells you all
you need to know. Basically, I love
Hitler. Leaked messages expose young
Republicans racist chat. And uh boy are
there some chats. Two of the chats
before we get to you I'll just say the
highlight to give you some context. One
said if we ever had a leak of this chat
we would be cooked for real. For real.
Indeed. The n-word uh I'm going to
choose to call it flag it so we don't
get demonetized here. The nword flag it
and [ __ ] appear more than 251 times
in the chat. Before I get into some of
the chats in particular, I want some top
impressions from you Samuel first. Well,
I immediately did control F juice Jews
and I was uh bracing, but we only came
in towards the top and at the very end.
So, I felt pretty good, a little
unscathed.
Well, might have been because the gas
chamber chat didn't the control F Jews
didn't kind of cover the gas control of
Jews and I was feeling okay. And then I
did control F Hitler and then I started
my stomach really started to sink a
little bit. Saw seven results including
in the obviously in the headline and the
main art which was great. I love Hitler.
Uh and and then I got to thinking this
is the worst article I've ever read and
I'm really scared for our nation's
future.
Yeah. Dwell for some of the chats and I
guess from you maybe to contextualize.
It's important to know like how much are
we cherrypicking here? You know what I
mean? Like there are crazy people in
every group. I I this group on this chat
is not not nothing. I mean, there's a
Vermont state senator, the chair and
vice chair of a lot of the young
Republicans organizations out there in
the country, a senior adviser to the
office of general counsel within the
Trump administration's SBA, chair of the
Arizona Young Republicans. So, you know,
I mean, it's not just random guys on an
anonymous telegram.
Yeah. I mean, these chats are emerging
from a faction of the the young
Republicans who are trying to sort of
stage a takeover or win an election to
run the young Republicans. These are
people who are kind of like the future
of the GOP's operative class. At least
one of them is a politician in his own
right. Uh so these aren't sort of just
random run-of-the-mill Republicans
Politico found. I mean, these are people
with some amount of power who will
probably amass amass more power as they
get older. Uh and then they're talking
to one another about like, oh, I love
Hitler using all these these racial and
you know, anti-gay remarks.
Yeah. I mean, where do you think these
people go up from? I This is like the
breeding ground for the future of the
Republican party, which is really what
scared me. It's like, it's one thing if
these were like, you know, random
college kids at TPUSA gatherings, which
I'm sure they are at TP USA gatherings,
but it's like another thing if you're
seating major Republican offices and
then you're on Telegram talking about
how big a hard on you get watching gas
chambers. It's [ __ ] crazy.
It is crazy. Um, so let's go through a
couple of the uh exchanges. Um, this one
is not the most outrageous, but I think
it's a good place to start because it's
kind of three of the main characters of
the chat. I want to read uh this
exchange and then and then we'll pull up
the pictures of these guys. Uh, Bobby
Walker,
I think it's important. Bobby Walker is
the vice chair of the New York Young
Republicans. Uh, we got Peter Ginta who
is then a state chair of the New York
Young Republicans. And then you got
Samuel Douglas on here as well. He's a
Vermont state senator. So, this is an
elected official. Bobby Walker first
says, "A mutual friend dated this very
obese Indian woman for a period of
time." Peter Ginta replies she was not
Indian. Samuel Douglas, the elected
official, said she just didn't bathe
often. I'd like to take a picture of
this three. Oh, yeah. Really good.
Really good stuff. Classic. Um, if we
could just pull up.
Well, these guys must be really
good-looking, man.
Yes. Bobby, Peter.
Oh, boy. Yeah, there they are. There.
That's Bombie Peter. That's Samuel on
the far right there.
Um, not I mean going after people for
being obese, not a lot there. We're the
fingering trio. This is maybe the
ding-dong trio. Speaking of the
cupcakes,
I will say though, they did talk at one
point about misusing their young
Republican money to buy Ompic. So maybe
they're familiar with this issue. Um,
you know, the
after Charlie Kirk's death, there was a
lot of talk about how he was kind of a
new breed of young Republican, cool to
some extent. And I when I reading this
article, I kind of thought that this
these guys are kind of the old model.
like weird, you know, maybe
that was all fake. There were like these
pictures at Vanity Fair. There's like a
cover picture where that they like they
just found the five hot people at an
inauguration party from TPUSA and they
tried to glamorize it and like, you
know, you do you do you can do camera
work. Hey, look, I know about this.
We've done camera work that has made me
look prettier than I am and uglier, by
the way. Um, you know, sometimes the
camera can play tricks. All right? And
uh and so this is I think a pretty good
representation of the people texting uh
young Republican group chats about
this. To be clear, this to be clear is
the master race that we're looking at
here. This is the ideal.
Uh no, I want to pull up William
Hendricks next to pull up the actual
master race. Here's another character.
You're holding back. Thank you.
That is William Hendris. Um I want to
tell you what he thinks about uh black
people. Um bro is at a chicken
restaurant ordering his food. Would he
like some watermelon and Kool-Aid with
that? He says he likes being in Missouri
because Missouri doesn't have flags.
Are we sure?
I don't know. I mean, it not looked in a
mirror in a while, but he might see one.
I don't know. Something to think about.
Um, it's hard to look in a mirror.
Painful.
What's he do? Where is Where is this man
walking in this image? I need to know.
Top backdrop.
Yeah. Yes, that's obviously
a field.
How did you know that, Will? It's in the
council. I know that background.
That's the vice chair of the Kansas
Young Republicans. Uh he served as a
communications assistant for the
attorney general to CA in Kansas. Uh he
used the n-word more than a dozen times
in the chat. I just I just read a couple
of the non-word uh non nword ones. Um
you know, he was not alone. Uh there was
also one of the fellows, one of the
other beef beef eaters from the other uh
picture there uh said of the NBA, "I'd
go to the zoo if I wanted to watch
monkeys play ball."
Another good one.
Really classic. Good one.
These guys are, you know, the racism
would be better if it was original. Like
the the [ __ ] they're touting out is just
boring. Bad.
Yeah, it's a lot of boring ones. Maybe
this would be the one. I don't know if
this is original, I guess, since it goes
back to the Holocaust. But I mentioned
the gas chamber comment from earlier. I
do want to read this. It's an exchange
between um members of the New York State
Young Republicans again. Joe Maligno. Uh
he says, "Can we fix the showers? Gas
chambers don't fit the Hitler
aesthetic." Annie, it's first woman to
appear in the text. Uh she replies, "I'm
ready to watch people burn now." Uh Joe
replies, "We got to pretend like we like
them, then say, "Hey, come on in. Take a
nice shower and relax." Boom. They're
dead. I guess will maybe they're talking
here about a rival faction within the
Young Republicans.
Yeah. And I mean this kind of gets into
the the origins of this chat. I mean
this is these young Republican feuds.
We've had we've had decades of bitter
and often very boring young Republican
college Republican feuds. The origins of
this chat, why they're becoming public.
Um, you know, it appears that the
gentleman named Gavin Wax, who's the
head of the New York Young Republican
Club, and it's key to understand that
despite their very similar names, they
hate the New York Young Republicans uh
group run by Peter Genta. Um, and
they've had a feud for at least several
months uh over you kind of a back and
forth who's more Trumpy. Um, and in the
political article, someone who's in the
chat is has a signed affidavit saying
Gavin Wax, who by the way is now in the
State Department working for someone who
was fired from the first Trump
administration for appearing at a racist
conference. So, there's a lot of racism
going on here. This guy says, "Gavin was
threatening my career. He said, I better
hand over the chat. I better make it
public." So, that the hand of Gavin Wax
is sort of visible here potentially. Um,
but but that's how we we found out about
this potentially. Yeah. Possibly,
we think.
Yeah. It's interesting when you talk
about who is the more Trumpy and how
they're fighting. You mentioned this
this fellow Peter Ginta. He talked about
loving Hitler. Um this another word that
they're using often is based. Do you
mean like very cool? Peter Ginta here.
Uh they support slavery and all that
[ __ ] Meabased. Uh Peter was was one of
the fellows from the first picture that
had kind of the comb over the little
smirk there.
They all sort of didn't they all sort of
have combovers? They kind of add the
same.
Peter had the most most prominent one I
would say. Um Sam, before we get on
here, you were saying this is one of the
most alarming articles you've read in a
while. And I think there's a way to look
at that where you point and laugh
at these fuglys who are dealing with
their own issues by lashing out with
like racist,
you know, text messages about, you know,
watermelons or whatever. Uh there's
another way to look at it which is I
think a little bit more serious about
our our trajectory and I guess that's
what you were probably getting to. Well,
as you know and as we've discussed
because you qualify as my therapist as
well as uh my collaborate on YouTube, I
laugh because I have no other coping
mechanism. So, I'm laughing now. But
also, yeah, there's something deeply
serious. For instance, uh and this one
is like kind of buried in here. But just
reading like two graphs to get you a
sense of why it freaks me out. It says
Ginta's line on darkkinned pilot, for
example, echoes one used by slain
conservative activist Charlie Kirk, who
we referenced last year when Kirk said,
quote, "If I see a black pilot, I'm
going to be like, boy, I hope he's
qualified.
If I see a black pilot, I'm going to be
like, boy, I hope he's qualified."
Kirk was discussing how diversity hiring
invites quote unh wholesome thinking.
Walker also used the moniker eye patch
McCain, originally coined by
conservative commentator Tucker Carson
in apparent reference to GOP rep. Dan
Krenshaw. Crunchshaw lost tonight while
serving as a Navy Seal in Afghanistan.
Walker also makes their mark, quote, "I
prefer my war heroes not captured." A
repeat of a similar 2015 line from
Trump.
He's a war hero cuz he was captured. I
like people that weren't captured. Okay,
I hate to tell you.
So, why does that make me like anxious?
It's because everything is downstream
from the top. And when you elect bad
people and when you elevate people who
you know dabble in racist or
misogynistic or you know insidious
rhetoric that's just divide meant to
divide and anger people like the younger
generation is going to pick it up and
realize that that's the key to success.
And so this is you know yeah this is a
bunch of telegraph exchanges and and and
it's disgusting and grotesque and racist
and anti-semitic and Jesus Christ like
every awful thing you could possibly
imagine. But also I you know it's
probably not limited to this one batch
of telegram exchanges. This has been
rooted uh by the people from up top
because Trump has given them a template
for what to follow.
Yeah. I don't and well I wonder what you
make of this. Um we've been covering
this stuff for a long time. Obviously I
was sort of in this world for a while. I
mean like young Republicans doing like
racist stuff for laughs is like not a
new story at all right in some senses.
like this is uh surely, you know,
something that I witnessed um coming up
in Republican politics. The difference
to me and like the category difference
here is that like the entire world view
and the type of people that are
attracted to this, it's like is really
centered around kind of this type of
culture war battle, the dehumanization,
a lot of white nationalist politics.
They would frame it, I think, as
backlash to woke DEI politics, right?
And I think that the t the like scale of
this and the types of people that are
being drawn to Republican campaigns and
leadership roles now is much more along
the lines of like culture waring,
race shading, white nationalists versus
in past eras where there was like a
little bit of that, but there was a lot
more of like
I'm a fiscal conservative with a
briefcase and I'm a little socially
liberal, right? like like you know I
just think the balance has shifted much
more to these types of characters and I
think that tells you kind of about the
trajectory we're on.
Yeah. I mean reading these messages I I
I remembered back in the after the
Charlottesville March when the writer
Alex Perin said you know these people
might seem like outliers but this is
sort of the the next generation of the
Republican party. Uh because the people
who are being drawn in this young
generation to the GOP are not as you
said focused on fiscal conservatism not
for the most part wanting just to cut
taxes. that's not why they're getting
into Republican politics. It's because
of the racism. It's the deportations,
the cruelty. Um, you know, and I think
that's what we're seeing here. And I
mean, again, this is not just some
random group of people. I mean, these
are people who are embedded in the Trump
administration. And we've seen other
examples of this, too. How many racism
problems has Turning Point USA had in
its chapters with with similar chat logs
being leaked? We recall Doge people
there having all of these kind of racism
controversies among the the young hires
and they stayed at Doge and that's
and that's the message. I mean I think a
lot of these people probably will will
suffer very few consequences for their
careers. Let me just say that the mo the
most insane thing in this article, which
gets to Tim's point, is that uh Roger
Stone, who is the ultimate like
godfather of rat [ __ ] in Republican
politics, who endorsed Ginta for his
position or whatever he was um along the
way to like lead the new young
Republican National Federation. He's
quoted condemning the statements. It's
like this shit's too hot for Roger
Stone. If you're too hot for Roger
Stone, we've gone way past, you know,
being in the realm of sanity here.
All right, I'm gonna read one last
exchange to take us out. Um because it
hits a lot of the key pressure points
and I think
is this the one where they say sex is
gay.
It is. Uh Bobby Walker who says stay in
the closet flag. Then Moisman says the
Spanish came to America and had sex with
every single woman. Alex Dwire responds
sex is gay. Luke Moyesman responds,
"Sex, it wasn't sex, it was rape,"
referencing the Spanish. Then Bobby
Walker replies, "Epic to rape." So there
you go. So that you have kind of the two
faces of the Groper TPUSA young
Republican crowd, which is the one
that's like sex is gay and I'm an incel
and then the other one that's like rape
is cool. Like that's that's those are
kind of like the two faces. Sex is gay
or I don't understand this. What if you
what what is I I don't get this world.
What is sex is gay? Like what if you
like
this is a big Nick Fentes Groper thing
as well as Tim said they love saying you
know you know sleeping with a woman is
gay. Uh and then you know they love
being insults. I mean it's
self-described insults. That's not me.
Yeah.
You can't be a real man. Here I guess
I'll try to let me try this. You can't
be a real man in this in this in this
mindset. You can't be a real man if
you're like bringing flowers to a girl
and opening the door for her. Yeah,
you're going to be a s. It makes you
less It makes you less of a man.
Do they like sex or not like sex? I
don't understand. Don't like sex.
We'll leave it there. Don't That's the
message for the video.
I get it. I get that. I'm not going to
sing, but I I don't understand this
about sex being gay. I just don't get
it.
Uh you guys are always allowed to simp
the fingering trio. We appreciate it.
Subscribe to the
fingering finger ling.
We'll see you all soon.