Look, I love this awakening that we're
going through. Uh, and so now
everybody's getting caught. Everybody's
getting caught on Apac. Everybody's
getting caught on all their donors, or
it's begun, at least. And what's going
to happen eventually, guys, is the
podcasters
uh, and the folks in online media are
going to start to humiliate mainstream
media. Uh, because mainstream media
never asks the politicians any tough
questions. All they ever all they ever
do is kiss their ass 24/7. So
eventually, it's going to get
embarrassing. Then now when you look at
like a cable news anchor just to go,
"Oh, Democrat, you're so great. Oh, Mr.
Republican,
uh, they're going to get exposed and I
freaking love it." And so, by the way,
of course, the politicians are going to
get exposed, too. That's what I mean by
a revolution. So, we got to get our
country back, man. None of these
politicians serve us. So, um, now to two
things we've been doing. This is day
five or whatever it is of the
revolution. I've lost track already. Is
that we are uh trying to work on uh
things that unite the left and the
right. And by the way, that's about
at least twothirds of the issues. So you
think we're super divided. We all hate
each other. We're about to you go to
civil war, etc. On which issues? A third
of the issues? Yes. Almost all of them
culture war issues. The other twothirds,
almost all economic issues, we agree
completely. Why don't you know that we
all agree already? because mainstream
media lied to you and tried to divide
you and tried to get you to hate one
another because they are corporate
media. They work for the corrupt
corporations that are buying all of our
corrupt politicians. So anyways, we're
trying to find some good people and
we're trying to push them in the right
direction even if they're not good
people. So there's two things we're
working on trying to lower drug prices
uh through this bill HR 3493. So that's
the idea of Democrats and Republicans
calling it Khan here because Ro Kanik
originally came up with it, but there's
more Republican sponsors than Democratic
sponsors right now. How how come it's
bipartisan? Because it's Trump's
executive order uh and kind of took it
verbatim and turned it into a bill. It's
HR 3493, Global Fairness and Drug Prices
Act. And what it does is it says we
should pay the same price as other
developed nations. There's no drug
companies still make a ton of profit at
that uh price. So why are we all
purposely overpaying? Oh, right. Because
our politicians are dogs who work for
big pharma, totally and utterly corrupt.
So this could expose it because hey, are
are you for Trump's executive order or
aren't you if you're a Republican? If
you're a Democrat, this is a policy
you've been in favor of your whole life
or you claim to. You pretended to if
you're a Democratic politician. So why
won't you sign on? So we re reached out
to a couple congressional people. One of
you suggested, hey, we should reach out
to Representative Tim Burchett. He's
very right-wing. He was on Tucker
Carlson's show the other day. I
two-thirds of the time I think he says
things that are crazy and I don't agree
with. And a third of the time I'm
surprised that I agree with him. Okay.
Now that he's not a regular person, he's
a politician. That's why it's a little
bit different. That's why it's inverted.
Right? With a regular Republican voter,
I'll probably agree twothirds of the
time. Well, and so will any Democrat if
they ever get past like the culture wars
and the mutual hatred, etc. So anyway,
so one of you came up with the idea.
Well, let's reach out to him. So let's
do it. So I'm going to try something
different on today's show. So there's
Representative Tim Burjett's
information. That's his phone,
Congressional Office number. We're not
doxing him. That's actually his
political uh office that you're calling.
And you as a citizen, you should uh his
on Insula, he's rep Rep. Tim Burchett
with two T's. On X, he's Tim Burchett
with two T's, of course. And we're
asking him to co-sponsor HR3493. This
should be a no-brainer for him. It's
Trump's executive order, word for word.
Where's the question? Where's the
question? So, you're not being impolite.
You're being very polite. You're
assuming that he's going to join you.
You're making him aware of the bill and
that you care about it. If you're a
Republican, even better. But it's okay
if you're independent or Democrat. You
could also reach out as long as you're
polite because we do everything in a way
that is peaceful and nonviolent. But we
are persistent. We are going to be as
look maniacally persistent. No, we want
you to serve us. We want you. So, so do
you want higher drug prices or don't
you? Okay, that's what we're asking in
mass, but when we ask individually,
we're going to ask politely to try to
get the uh folks who are honest actors
to join uh in the beginning and start to
try to create some momentum. So, but the
thing that I want to do differently
today is
if um we could all
like if someone comes up with um an ex
post and an Instagram post about Tim
Burchett reaching out to him, do it now.
Do it now. Uh and Cara is in the chat.
She's our community director. She will
find it if you post it and she'll we'll
put it on air and then we'll have
everyone
like it and share it. Now, why are we
asking you to do it? Why don't we just
do it? We could have done it before the
show cuz I don't want you to repost my
stuff or Young Turk stuff. I mean,
that's great. God bless. I'm not against
it, right? But this isn't about us. I
want to crowdsource this thing. So, one
of you do it and let's and all of us
will try to to the best of our ability
push together and then you'll get the
likes and the shares, etc. on your
account. I want all of you guys to do it
as much as possible. You don't have to
stop at Tim Burchette and if it turns
out you did another politician on
another day, tomorrow, later tonight,
etc. And and uh that got a little bit
you did it in a clever way, you did it
in a smart way, you did it in a way that
worked, right? then send it to us and
then we'll try to all again push
together so that they notice for example
representative Mark Pokeen and other
he's a good guy Democrat likely to like
this idea at least I think right and we
know for a fact that over 400 of you
already reached out to him and obviously
that got his attention and so that's
great that's exactly what we want to do
so I also want to do it on the Gaza
issue uh but first I want I want you
guys before I get to the Gaza
No, actually, let me do the guys at one,
too, and then I'll tell you where you
can coordinate all of this stuff because
I want you to work on it right now so
that we can see if we can get it up on
the air and push together. And I know
I'm asking a lot of you guys, and I
there's a lot of people out there. So,
uh, I'm hoping one or three or 18 of you
can do uh, some version of this. So on
the kids of Gaza, we had the idea of
putting up the pictures, the bios, and
so can we do and I mentioned, well, we
already know about Hen Rajab, right? So
that's a six-year-old that was murdered
by the IDF um uh in her car. All of her
relatives in the car were already killed
by the IDF. The they were they told the
IDF, "No, there's a six-year-old alive.
Please go get her. She needs to be
rescued." And they or we're sending an
ambulance to go get her. the IDF killed
everybody in the ambulance and her,
right? Because they're sick terrorists.
Anyway, uh so,
uh Jack Callahan, who's in the working
group for uh Operation Hope, which this
came out of. Uh and and this is
Operation Hope, just on a larger scale.
Jack found a a a bio and a picture, etc.
And as I'm saying this, Carl will start
to put up um those links, etc. from uh
the past in the chat. And so you could
see the buyer, you could see the
picture, somebody make a post out of it.
Make an Instagram post, an ex post, uh
you know, Tik Tok, whatever. Whatever
you got, make a post out of it. Again, I
don't want it to be us. I want it to be
you guys. We'll take the first one that
we think is good enough. And guys, don't
get offended if we don't push yours that
hopefully there'll be by the, you know,
the middle of this thing, there'll be
hundreds or thousands of submissions.
you if 999 of you catch feelings because
we picked one and not the other 999,
this will never work. Just root for each
other uh and and and support each other
as we do this. Okay, so look, all of
this is bold and so it might turn out by
the end of this, which is in about 20
minutes, we might have no social media
posts or, you know, we all push together
and it gets 17 likes. So what? So what?
We'll do it again and again and again.
So, most people wouldn't do it. They
say, "Oh, that's embarrassing. Oh, no.
Uh, then you know, you your clout will
diminish or something." I don't give a
goddamn about my clout. I just want to
get something done, okay? And I want to
get it done with you guys. Uh, cuz if
we're not working together, uh, there's
no chance we're going to win. Okay? So,
uh, now I'm going to tell you about how
you can coordinate on on our website,
too. But before I do that, speaking of
20 minutes from now, I mean, this should
unite the left and the right. We have a
guy who's running against Nancy Pelosi.
Uh, and it looks like he's got a
fighter's chance. And it's not like he
hasn't pulled off a political miracle
like that before. So, and uh, it is a
very interesting story. And it appears I
think the Pelosis are a little bit
nervous about it. And it's starting to
show up in the press. Imagine if one of
us defeated Nancy Pelosi. Again, I don't
know what could unite progressives who
are super frustrated with Pelosi who's
totally corporate and has killed all of
uh Democratic uh policies while
pretending to fight for them. She's
buried them in her uh basement. And
certainly, my guess is Republicans and
right-wing would also be quite happy if
Nancy Pelosi wasn't in office anymore.
Uh so, we're going to talk to him, like
I said, in about 20 minutes. Make sure
you're checking out that interview.
Okay. So guys, you can coordinate in two
different ways. Uh, one is uh
tyt.com/idas.
So that's where we set up a a little bit
of a forum, a chat group, etc. Now, why
are we doing that? Because if you just
send it in your ideas to us, by the way,
hold on. Let me just pause there for a
second. So, one of the things we're
doing is we're taking some of the clear
ideas and especially if they've gotten
likes. We're looking at, you know, to
elevate the ones that are more that more
people gravitate to, we're putting them
at the top. That's why in that screen
you're seeing some of those bullet
points you see with the blue. There you
go. Exactly. In white. Those are the
ideas from the chat down below that got
filtered up. So participate. Hopefully
your idea will be filtered up and other
people can then uh chime in and
hopefully we can craft ideas and make
them better and better as we go, right?
Um and so um and we've already achieved
a ton of ideas. Again, don't catch
feelings if we're not doing yours. I
love you. Keep participating. Okay. Um,
and so now on the other hand, some of
you are talking about doing exactly what
I asked you, which is crowdsourcing in
this case a website for kids of Gaza.com
where we put up the pictures of the dead
children. So people, if you're going to
fund Israel and you're going to keep
sending them billions and billions of
our money, at least have the decency to
look at the kids that they've killed and
go, I'm okay. I'm I'm good with it. Oh,
20,000 dead children. Oh, he was playing
soccer and and that's when Israel
dropped a bomb and blew his head off.
Oh, yeah. I'm good with it. Send more of
my money here. I'll go do an extra
shift. Right. But at least look at him.
So that's what we're trying to get the
country to do and especially our
politicians and our media. So the
politician the the voters are good
people. Republicans have already flipped
on Israel and Democrats are at 92 to8.
Isn't it amazing? I mean that's why
we're called this a revolution. So 92%
of Democratic voters say that Israel's
wrong on Gaza and 92% of their
politicians say the exact opposite and
they won't. They're like, "Oh, nine out
of 10 Democratic voters want us to care
about the Palestinians." Not only do we
not care about the Palestinians, we
don't care about our voters. We don't
care about over 90% of our voters. You
can go to hell because I'm getting money
from Apac. I'm getting money from the
Israeli lobby. So screw my voters is
what almost all the Democrats are
saying. Nine out of 10, not all of them,
Bernie and others are Roana, etc. are
great, but 90% of Democrats are totally
corrupt and they work for Israel. They
don't work for um uh America. And by the
way, if you're a Republican, don't get
smug on me. Almost 100% of your
politics. No, 95% now because of
Marjorie Taylor Green and and Tom
Massie. And we always give credit where
it's due. I don't care if it's Tom
Massiey's a Republican. If he's doing
the right thing, I'm gonna give him all
the credit in the world. Okay? And I
don't care if you're and and if you
catch feelings, oh well, I I like sir
Republican politician. I like a
Democratic politician. I heard on MSNBC.
I heard on Fox News that they're oh,
they're so great. I love the way they do
the culture wars. All right. If you're
going to catch feelings when I call them
corrupt and prove that they're corrupt,
then this is not going to be for you,
right? This is for people who uh realize
that the media and the politicians have
been lying to you the whole time. Okay?
If you're still a knucklehead, just
super naive and you're like, "Well, I
don't know. Rachel Maddo and Sean
Hannity told me that the politicians are
super honest on my side and the real
problem is the other side." Oh, really?
Then why aren't the politicians on the
Republican side uh negotiating drug
prices for you? Why aren't they betting
private equity from buying up our homes?
They know what that's what's driving up
our housing prices. Why aren't any of
them for higher minimum wage? And don't
tell me Democrats are for a higher
minimum wage. Joe Biden took it out of
the first bill. It's totally utterly
corrupt. Totally worked for the donor
class or as Nina Turner calls them, the
owner donors. Okay, so I'm going to read
some of your comments in a second.
Um Oh, great. Uh so YouTube is having
sitewide issues. So um yeah, it happens,
brother. So on today it's not our
usually it's our issue right usually we
have technical problems but in this case
mighty YouTube's having YouTube problems
that's okay we have comments of folks
who have already written in and I want
to share those with you guys um embedded
dude writes in I already told Adam
Schiff uh personally that I'll never
vote for him as long as he takes Apac
money. Well you should all say that to
every politician and and of course Adam
Schiff takes Apac money. Adam Schiff
bathes in Apac money. Adam Schiff like
wakes up in the morning kissing Apac's
left cheek. He goes to bed at night
kissing the right cheek. So, I got no
use for Adam Schiff. We have another uh
pledge if you'd like to sign it. t
twt.com/no
more. And what that is is it's a pledge
to never vote for a politician that
takes money from the Israeli lobby. And
so, uh and again, you could vote in your
own primaries. You don't have to vote
for the other side. Okay? So, that's
another fact that mainstream media keeps
from you. Oh, primaries. So, they're so
bad. They divide the party. The reality
is in a primary, you might actually get
to pick someone who represents you.
That's why mainstream media hates
despises primaries. Sh. Oh, that's where
democracy still lives a little bit.
Everybody shut bad for unity. Bad. Bad.
Oh, now you have two terrible choices.
We got you. Now you got to make the
lesser of two evils choices. Both sides.
They should have voted in the primary,
but they didn't because we tricked them.
Yeah, we are. We're on to you. We're on
to you. All right. Cicero wrote in,
"Hey, regarding the suggestion to create
flyers with a QR code. I went ahead and
wrote this up. Please feel free to use
it. America's political class are
devoted are very devoted to Israel,
we've given uh and that current he put
in a blank, but you could fill it in. Uh
have given $310 billion to fund Israel's
military. We've also spent um
8 trillion on our own military since
2001, which we have mainly used to fight
wars on behalf of Israel. So, look, uh
that's his version. You could write your
own version. 8 trillion is the war,
global war on terror. We've spent more
on our military than that. That's just
all the money we wasted uh fighting the
war on terror. Okay. Um, so and is it
all on behalf of Israel? No, it's not
all on behalf of Israel. Is some of it
on behalf of Israel? Yeah, of course.
Oh, look, there's a dirty Muslim
terrorist. I need I want his land. I
mean I mean I'm so worried about that
he's going to attack Israel. I mean I
mean America, America, go attack him.
America, go attack him. Go attack him.
Go attack him. So does that happen? Yes,
it happens. Does it happen every time?
No. There's the world is complicated and
there's a lot of different reasons. In
Iraq, did oil companies and defense
contractors make a killing literally?
Yes. Yes. Did they push for a war? Yes.
Uh did you see that in mainstream media?
No. Because all the mainstream media
lied to you and pretended
nothing to do with money. Nothing to do
with the donors.
No, we're worried about their weapons of
mass destruction. Wink. We're worried
that they attacked us on But all the
reporters knew they didn't attack us on
911. In fact, they all knew that Saddam
Hussein had hated al Qaeda and killed Al
Qaeda. But they lied to you. They all
lied to you. They always lied to you.
So, I'm sick of them. I can't stand
them. All right, guys. This is all
collaborative. So, sometimes you'll see
a message you don't love, then you don't
have to push that one. And you want to
change the words, change the words.
Every part of this is optional. Okay.
So, now we're going to go to Oh, more
from Cicero. Americans can't afford rent
or health insurance and live paycheck to
paycheck. Our cities are overrun by the
homeless. Again, I wouldn't phrase it
that way, but I get it. And our
government is already now uh excellent
debt. I we're up to 37 trillion, but
Trump just added 4 trillion more, but
that's over a period of time. Anyway,
more than our GDP, yet we continue to
bear Israel's burden in the name of
fighting terrorism, even as they've
indiscriminately bombed a crowded urban
population in Gaza, put aid sites in
active combat zones during a famine, and
even shot children in the head. All that
is true. Uh they were a number of
children uh living in Gaza at the
beginning of Israel's campaign and we've
heard many of their stories. Enter the
link below or scan the QR code to learn
their fate. And then you have the QR
code for kids of Gaza.com. That's a
beginning. That's a beginning. So again,
let's craft all these. Let's mold these.
Let's get the QR codes. Let's begin. If
you're going to crowdsource
uh the the website, I think I forgot to
finish that thought. So this is really
important, guys. A bunch of you
volunteered and have already even
started uh crowdsourcing the website for
kidsofgaza.com.
But you we got to work with you guys
because we have kidsofgaza.com.
So if you're one of the people who are
crowdsourcing that or setting that up in
any way, make sure you're emailing
hopet.com
hopeyt.com
so that we can coordinate with you guys
and we can have put the things you're
building on that actual URL. Okay. So,
that's where you're going to need the
coordination. All right. Let's go to
Marissa. No, Raven Moon first. Second
idea for the revolution. Help army
people get paid. I saw the saddest thing
today. Army people in line at food banks
to get food. Johnson has the power to
pass this law now and refuses. Of
course, he does. Mike Johnson uh uh is
100% owned by the donors. He's never
going to help you. Never. All he's ever
going to do is help his donors. Same is
true of Hakeem Jeff, the leader of the
Democrats in the House. So that's why
Charlemagne calls him Apac Shakur
because Hakee Jeff works for Apac. He's
got nearly $2 million from him. And we
say, "Hey, he got $2 million." So
normally a normal human being,
especially a politician version of a
human being, will care a lot about $2
million and will probably serve the
person who gave him $2 million. The
media goes, "Not only is that not true
because he's an angel and all these
politicians are angels, so they're not
affected by the millions of dollars, but
on top of that, you're a hateful bigot
for pointing out that fact. It is a
fact, but you're not allowed to say,
"Shut up. Shut up, you anti-semite.
That's a trope." Okay? That's what our
media says. To hide Israel's influence
on our politicians, but also to hide big
farmer, big oil, et all their influence.
Our media instead of exposing it hides
it. Don't look. Don't look. Don't look.
Why are we doing drill baby drill? All
the drilling. Oh, okay. You like
drilling. You think we're not keeping
the oil. I don't want to get into a
debate on on that issue, but guys, we're
doing so we forget that debate. This one
we could all agree on. Why are we giving
them $35 billion in subsidies? That's 10
times what Israel gets. Why does Exxon
Mobile, one of the most profitable
companies in the history of the world,
need you to work an extra shift so their
son of a executives can get paid
more? Why? Go ahead, mainstream media.
Find me one anchor that can justify the
$35 billion in oil subsidies. Okay, then
why don't you ever talk about it?
Because you want to cover up for the
corrupt donors. They are not doing news.
They are doing propaganda to try to
blind you to the reality that almost all
of our politicians are deeply corrupt.
Let's go. Let's do a peaceful
revolution. Let's do a democratic
revolution. All right. So, in that case,
look, I love the idea of helping
veterans and having seeing them in the
streets and not get cared for is breaks
my heart. Oh, go fight all these stupid
wars for all the stupid donors and then
when you come here, we'll betray you.
Oh, wow. We ran out of money. We gave it
all to Exon Mobile. We gave it to Fizer
and and Johnson and Johnson. Sorry, we
ran out. Oh, hey, look. Just when we got
to the American people, we ran out of
money. Okay. So, all right. Uh, Marissa
writes in with a third idea. Love what
you guys are doing with Operation Hope
and I want to be involved. guys are
charismatic, eloquent, animated,
animated, and I really believe you can
compel Americans to act and make change.
I'm tired of watching videos and just
getting angry. I want to do something
and I'm sure others do too. Thank you
for leading this. Uh then, uh thank you
so much for writing that in. But
continues, I have a suggestion. While on
video, use a screen behind you to post a
website and email details. Consider it a
classroom where notes are on the screen.
Remember that people have a short
memory. They're multitasking, etc., etc.
Make it easy for us to carry out things.
have previously seen Fox News this Fox
News do this really well. Lots of notes
on screen and visuals to create an
emotional response for their viewers.
Okay, before I get to our next
suggestion, look guys, we put up the
graphics for you guys every once in a
while. I'll do more and more as we go
along. I used to show used to do the
first hour of the show alone. Uh and
when I did that, I would have a lot of
graphs and and explain how, you know, uh
the money corrupts and and how what you
can do to make a difference. And guys,
remember, look, you might not like if
you're on the right or you're
independent, maybe you don't like the
squat. That's AOC and the rest of them,
right? And these days, I think they do
way too much culture war. So, I got my
issues with them, too. Okay? But
we already pulled off one miracle. This
is the show where Just Democrats was
launched. I'm one of the co-founders. I
named it. And we put 11 people in
Congress when we everybody thought
there'd be zero. So if you think we
can't get something done here, well, you
know,
that's just factually and empirically
incorrect. And is it us? No. It's always
you guys. If you didn't give the money
and you didn't volunteer, none of that
would have happened. So in that
particular case, and not the money to
us, but to those candidates. So
candidates are for a different day,
though. Let's go keep going with uh
Marissa's suggestions. Another
suggestion, you really, really need a
presence on Reddit. Please post your
videos and consider having a separate
subreddit there. get interns to help
with all the minutiae and tech. Reddit
users will see the content and we'll
share it, comment on, and hopefully
we'll spread the message. Maybe even
outside the Reddit world. Okay, so look
on Reddit, funny story from like a I
think over a decade ago, we got banned
there.
We get banned everywhere and we just
keep popping back up. We're back. Uh to
be fair, I think back then we were doing
promotional stuff, so they probably
write the ban, but I that might have
been like 15 years ago. This is a long
time ago, right? most honest show in
America. Uh, but guys, we're probably
back. We could probably get back on
there, but again, I want you to do it. I
want to give you the credit. I want to
unleash your creativity, your vision,
etc. So, if you're on Reddit, please do
a Reddit, do a subreddit, do whatever
they do on Reddit. Okay? And okay, now a
bigger idea for all of us together.
Okay? So guys, um, if you like a portion
of this or you like some other video you
saw or another host that you saw on
another show having nothing new with
TYT, but it's about something that
unites us. It's about something that
exposes the corruption, the money in
politics, uh, or drug prices or kids of
Gaza, make a clip out of it, put it on
social media, put it on Reddit, and then
tell us about it. And again, on the next
show, we'll try to push together, right?
and see if we can get uh your stuff to
take off. Okay. Uh more ASUS uh kind of
dragon rights in what we need to do is
start taking all the money that we're
giving overseas and all the money that
we're wasting in the Pentagon and give
it back to the people. There should be
universal income for every citizen. It's
gotten too expensive. We can't afford it
anymore. We need to take our money back.
Look, brother, I can't agree more with
taking our money back. Uh
they waste all of our money. Uh, I mean,
look, again, I don't want to get into
divisions, but Doge, what happened? I
thought you were going to cut the
Pentagon for by hundred billion.
Instead, you added $150 billion. Added
$150 billion to the most bloated
department in the whole country. You're
getting rid of the Department of
Education. I'm not going to debate that.
That's for when I do the show. When I do
the show, I'll give you uh my political
opinions, etc. Ideological opinions. But
you're going to get rid of the
Department of Education to save money
and then you're going to take all that
money times 10 and then give it to the
Pentagon on top of already the gigantic
budget they have. Nah, it's just pork
barrel, man. They're just robbing. This
is the great American robbery. They're
robbing us blind over and over again.
Don't stand for it. All right. Uh, so
guys, I'm about to run out of time. Uh,
let me see if I can squeeze in one last
one. Corey Schiffer writes in, Jake, my
name is Corey. My YouTube name is
Project for Progress.
I came on one of the Operation Hope
episodes a while back and I mentioned
wanting to have a visible tracker that
correlates voting records with the
campaign contributions. You told me it
was a dream of yours to make a data base
like that. I've looked into it and
started trying to make one. It's
possible through AI agents such as
Replet, but the problem is in addition
to the monthly subscription keep
stacking up charges for how long the
agent works and how difficult the task
is. Based on what I could find, it would
probably cost a couple thousand dollars
to be able to initiate the full
database. I did give me it did give me a
sample with a little bit I paid and it
looked awesome. Wondering if you could
read this and see if anybody else knows
a better or cheaper way to do this.
Maybe we could reach out to local areas
where congressmen are from and put on a
billboard how much money a congressman
has taken from a certain lobby, for
example. Not sure how feasible any of
this is, but I wanted to try to help.
I'm willing to put money into this. I
just don't think I can do it alone.
You're the voice of the country. Thank
you for starting this. We will win. Uh
so I don't know about me being the
voice, but I love you. I appreciate that
you're looking into it and you're uh
working and I agree we will win. So look
guys, do I know how to create a website
that tracks all the politicians their
the money that they take from their
donors? And what I would love is a
second part of that website is
um then how do they vote? And what
you're going to see is it's going to
match nearly 100%. They take money from
a lobby, they vote with that lobby. If
we could do that whole database, people
are going to look at and be like, "Holy
cow, they vote with their donors 98% of
the time." And the gigantic liars on
television tell me that the money
doesn't influence them. Come on. So, one
of these days I'm going to show up here.
We're super early days, right? We just
got started. This is, like I said, day
five or six, whatever we're on. Um, the
video, the title will tell you, and then
you go all laugh because I got the wrong
date. Anyway,
but one day I'm going to come on air and
I'm going to say, "You know how I hate
to ask you guys to do this website or
that website or the Instagram or the
this or that?"
And here it is. It turns out Sally in
Missouri who's been working this whole
time and created this thing. Oh my god,
it's amazing. Right. We hope and that's
what we're going to do. We're going to
keep hope alive. Okay, this is Operation
Hope and we're going to try to bring our
democracy back. All right. Next is an
interview. stay right here. Two things
actually. One is Operation Hope, the
original working group there is on right
now. You can go to tyt.com/h hope and
get the link there. Join them because
they're going to try if you're trying to
work on these projects, they're going to
try to help you and begin to organize to
take specific actions. So, go join that
group if you can. tyt.comhope.
Every uh Wednesday at 8:30 p.m. Eastern,
they meet and I join them once a month.
Uh and then uh but for everyone else,
stay here. We have another public uh
episode. This time it's an interview
with a person who has a real shot at
beating Nancy Pelosi in San Francisco.
So let's do that when we return. Every
time you ring the bell below, an angel
gets his wings. Totally not true, but it
does keep you updated on our live shows.