I review golf launch monitors for a
living. I've spent hundreds of hours
testing pretty much every major launch
monitor out there. And these are the
five launch monitors that I would
personally buy at each price point. So,
if you want to know what my take is,
keep watching. Today's video is for you.
Now, some of these picks are a little
bit easier than others. I'm going to
explain why that is when I get to them.
But the under $500 pick is pretty
simple. It's this. It's the Voice Caddy
SC4 Pro. Now, if you've looked into
this, you might know that the retail
price on it is $599. Breaking 80
viewers, on the other hand, can use the
special link below and they can pick it
up for 499 bucks. This is a device that
for the price can really do a ton.
Accuracy is fine. It's not going to be
as good or as accurate as some of the
other ones in this list, but for most
people under most circumstances, it is
going to be just fine. And it's going to
give you accurate enough numbers to
actually be useful. But a few things
that make this unique is you can use it
both indoors and outdoors. It is a
built-in screen so you can easily get
your numbers and your metrics, which is
great if you just want to like set it up
with the range and you don't have to
worry about pairing it with your app. It
also has a remote, so if you want to
change what mode you're in or change
what club you're using, you can easily
go and do that, and there is no
subscription fee to use any of the
features that are included. Overall,
I've had a really good experience with
this unit. My hesitation would be is how
long is the company going to support it?
Before this, they had the SC4, which I
said was also a great device, but the
app was terrible. I expected them to
update the app, and well, they didn't.
They just rolled out this, which is an
allnew device that has its own app, and
people that had the SC4 were kind of
left out in the cold a little bit. Is
that going to happen here? I hope not,
but time will tell. That being said, for
under 500 bucks, this is by far the most
accurate fullfeatured launch monitor you
can get, and I would definitely
recommend it. All right, next up, we
have under $1,500 and by far this is the
most difficult one for me to choose
because you have three products that are
all excellent that come in under that
price. Those products are the Square,
the Rapsoto MLM2 Pro, and the Flight
Scope Meo Gen 2. Now, my pick under
$1,500 would probably be the Flight
Scope Meo Gen 2, but I don't think
that's going to be for everyone, and I
want to explain a little bit around that
pick. So, first off, if you have limited
space and you only want something for
indoor use, go by the Square. The Square
is the only optical launch monitor in
this price range, and honestly, it works
really well. The software is fine. The
app experience is okay, but of the three
that I just mentioned, I think the
software is definitely the worst on the
Square. Build quality on the Square also
not great. It feels very plasticky. But
the most important things are you have
an optical launch monitor that works
really well, that gives you good numbers
that also has compatible with some
thirdparty SIM software. So, if you're
just looking to set up a cheap SIM at
home, then that is definitely going to
be an option to consider. For me,
though, I like the flexibility of being
able to use it both at home and at the
range. And I think that both the Repoto
and the Flight Scope provide more
polished products. Now, of all of the
launch monitors out there, I'm not sure
anyone has put more effort into
improving their product than Repoto.
Repoto just keeps pushing firmware and
software updates that are making their
products better and better. So, they
just revamped their courses feature with
better graphics. They also just recently
added angle of attack and club path
data. In the video reviews, you can get
a shot tracer. Like, they have really
put a ton of time, effort, and money
into making this product really good.
And honestly, it's really good. It is
without a doubt significantly better
than when it launched a few years ago.
There are still a handful of issues with
it. So, it's $699 and then it's $199 a
year for a subscription, which that
subscription fee relative to the price
of the device is pretty high. The good
news is that they listen to their users
feedback and they created a onetime $500
lifetime payment. So now essentially you
can get the Repzoto MLM2 Pro with all of
the features for around 1,200 bucks. And
that is a killer value. But I've still
occasionally had a handful of
connectivity issues where it might lose
connection or miss shots. And even
though the software and features have
gotten significantly better, I don't
like using the software quite as much as
I do some other more professional
oriented devices. I think this is
definitely a really good example of a
excellent consumer level device. I think
as we get into some of the other options
in this list, we're definitely more
proumer or even professional level
devices. That being said, if you like
everything the Repoto has to offer,
without a doubt, it is excellent. And
I'm going to be doing a full updated
review of the Repoto soon because so
much has changed since my initial
review. But now that I've gotten those
two out of the way, that leads me to my
pick, which would be the Flight Scope
Meo Gen 2. So, this is the newest of the
bunch. It just came out and it
essentially feels like a base level Mevo
Plus. Now, the price of a base Meo Plus
before discounts is $2,300. And like I
said, the user experience using this
feels pretty much identical to a base
MEO Plus, but you are paying over $1,000
less for it. It includes their fusion
tracking technology, which is combining
their Doppler radar and camera system to
give you more accurate results. But the
thing that I really love about Flight
Scope is even though the aesthetics of
the app are starting to feel a little
more dated compared to some other
brands, I just love using it. I love the
customizability of it. It feels like
I've got a professional tool at my
fingertips and no matter how I want to
look at my data, no matter how I want to
organize my data, it allows me to do
that and that's the reason I keep coming
back to Flight Scope products because I
just love that usability so much. I've
also found that under most
circumstances, the Flight Scope is a
little bit more accurate than the
Rapsoto. The one area where that's not
the case is if you were inside with the
Rapotto using RPT balls because they
have that second high-speed camera
specifically to track spin. If you were
trying to get accurate spin numbers
while you were like inside hitting into
a net, I think the Rapsoto does a
slightly better job there. The MEO Gen 2
also comes with a better E6 simulator
package and it has a ton of thirdparty
solutions pretty much regardless of what
thirdparty simulator option you want to
use, including GS Pro. The fact there is
no subscription at all to use any of
their features is an added bonus. But
now that Wrapsto does offer that
lifetime feature, that advantage isn't
quite as significant as it once was. I
think the big question here and part of
my pick here is just kind of trying to
foresee into the future. I've got to
imagine and I would think that they will
be adding the Pro package and hopefully
maybe even impact detection to the Mevo
Gen 2. That is going to give
significantly more measured data points
to the MEO Gen 2 than to either the
Square or to the Rapsoto. As it sits
right now, because Rapoto has Club Path
and the MEO Gen 2 does not, some people
will favor that device and I wouldn't
fault them for it. But what I'm hoping
to see in the coming months is that
they're going to release impact
detection and the Pro package for the
Gen two. And because it seems so similar
to the MEO Plus and it's 5 years newer,
I would guess that that's going to
happen. But again, you're taking a
little bit of a chance on whether or not
that's going to be the case. And
inevitably, those add-ons are going to
be hundreds of dollars more. So, it is
going to take that kind of into a new
price category. All that to say, I love
the experience of using the Flight
Scope. But the Nevo Gen 2 versus the
Rapoto, like they really are pretty
neckand-neck. I think right now the
Rapsoto provides a little bit more in
terms of features and modes. Whereas
Flight Scope is the newer product, but
it still feels very similar to using the
Mibo Plus, which that has been my
overall favorite unit for a reason. But
I think Flight Scope is really going to
have to keep the development coming if
they want to separate themselves from
some of these other brands. Okay, next
up is the launch monitor. I would pick
under $2500. And you might not see this
one coming, but I would go with the
Bushnell Launch Pro. So, this device was
technically discontinued. It was kind of
sunseted in favor of the Bushnell LPI.
And the Bushnell LPI is I I think one of
the biggest misses in launch monitors
that I have seen. It's essentially the
same camera system except they now made
it so it has to be plugged in so it's
tough to use outside and they got rid of
the screen but you still have the
subscription fee and they were charging
like $2,800 for it. And so since that
was released in January, we have
consistently seen the LPI on sale for
$1,500. a $1,300
discount on what is essentially a brand
new device, which tells me that probably
hasn't really been selling well. And I
can't imagine why not. It's because the
device that you used to have, the Launch
Pro, is one of the best, most
professional devices at the price point.
You took an excellent unit that was
great and you dumbed it down and started
trying to charge more money for it. All
that to say, you can still find the
Bushnell Launch Pro for sale. You can
find it at Play Better. You can also
find it on the Bushnell website at
significant discounts from where it was
previously. So, as of right now, and
this might be a sale going on, but I've
been able to see these pretty
consistently throughout the summer, you
can get a ball only Bushnell Launch Pro
for $2,000. I've seen that as low as
$1,800, but I wouldn't necessarily count
on that. More importantly, though, you
can get a Bushnell Launch Pro with Club
Path data for $2500. That used to be
$3,500. So, the fact you can get this
for $24.99
that includes the screen. It is the
exact same camera system that the
Foresight GC3 uses, which is a $7,000
device, and you are getting it for
thousands of dollars less. Now, I don't
have any inside information. I don't
know what's going to happen to this. I
don't know if they're going to bring the
Launch Pro back, but it was supposedly
discontinued months ago. And the fact
we're still seeing it for sale leads me
to question like, are they bringing it
back? Was the LPI like a big failure?
Like, I don't know. But what I do know
is the fact you can get this for $2,500
is a killer deal on what is truly a
professional level unit. But as is the
case with all launch monitors, there's a
downside as well. Bushnell has one of
the highest subscription fees in the
industry at $500. So if you want to use
any of the foresight software that this
is compatible with, you have to have
that $500 subscription fee. So if you
want to use even just the basic iPad
range app, FSX Pro, you've got to pay
$500. If you want to use GS Pro or any
other third-party option, you have to
pay that $500 on top of that third-party
fee. So, for GS Pro, it's 500 bucks
Bushnell, $ 250 to GS Pro, that's $750 a
year just to use it. But considering
you're getting such a good device for
such a relatively affordable price, 500
bucks a year seems like a reasonable
price to pay considering the exact same
unit with no subscription is $7,000.
It's also worth noting there's the GC3S,
which is this weird kind of middle
ground, which again is essentially the
Bushnell Launchp Pro, but you still have
to pay the subscription, but you do get
a free Bushnell Pro X3 Link rangefinder,
which is a $600 value, but a $600
rangefinder and a $3,800 GC3S. That's
still over $3,000, whereas right now you
can go get that Launch Pro for $2,500
bucks. Again, I think that might be a
sale price. It wouldn't surprise me if
it jumps back up to 2750 or 3,000.
Either way, still a pretty good deal,
but because they've been running the
sale so frequently, I would expect to
see it again before the end of the year.
So, keep all that in mind. But for under
$2,500, you can get that device. And FSX
Play, which comes with that $500
subscription, is my personal favorite
simulator software to use. Playing
Pebble Beach on that just looks and
feels amazing. And so, if you're looking
to build a higherend home sim, that is
something to consider. Hey, real quick,
just so you know, if you use any of the
links below or if you use any of the
coupon codes that I provide, I may get a
commission on those products. If you
think that makes me biased, totally
understand. Go do your own research. But
my whole goal here is just to help you
find the right products for your needs.
I don't care which or any of these you
buy. But if you do find this video
useful and you do decide one of these
products is the right fit for you,
clicking these links allows me to
continue making videos like this for
you. Also, I've spent extensive time
with every single product I mentioned in
this video. So, if you want to read or
watch my full review of any of these
products, I will link to all of those
below as well. All right, back to the
video. Okay, next up, a launch monitor
under $5,000. And this one, this one's
kind of tricky because you could go with
the Launch Pro still because I think
that in some ways that is still the most
accurate. Uh, you could also go with the
full swing kit, which I love the user
experience of using it outdoors on a
range. Hands down one of my favorite
devices to use, but haven't had as good
of an experience with it indoors. But
all that to say, I think that if I was
spending that money personally, I would
probably go with the Garmin R50. Using
the Garmin R50 is just a joy to use. It
has this massive iPad-like screen built
in. It's very easy to customize, and you
can use their Home T her Hero simulator
feature directly on the launch monitor
itself, which is pretty cool. So, the
R50, I think, is like the most expensive
consumer level launch monitor. Even
though the data is great and everything
is accurate and you can get all sorts of
data directly on the screen, the app
experience is pretty terrible. I hoped
that Garmin was going to significantly
update the Garmin Golf app when the R50
was released. Uh that's been one of the
biggest drawbacks to the R10, which is
also excellent, but that app experience
is in need of an overhaul. And with the
R50, when you're spending 10 times the
amount of an R10, uh you want to see
that work well. And so I'm hoping and I
continue to hope that is something
they're going to update. I also am
continuing to hope they're going to add
compatibility with their golf watches
because that is one of the things I love
about using the Flight Scope products so
much is they pair with an Apple Watch.
And so if you're on a range, you don't
want to keep pulling out your phone. You
just look down at your watch and you can
customize what data is shown and it
works really well. The fact Garmin is
known for their watches, they've got
these launch monitors, the fact those
things don't work together is kind of
mind-boggling to me and that's something
I would love to see. All of that to say,
even though the R50 is not perfect, I
just genuinely enjoy using it. I think
it is one of the most fun devices to
use. It's simple. If you're trying to
set up something that's easy for friends
and family, I think this is one of the
ones to use. While it looks a little out
of place out on the range because it's
so big, it still works really well out
there. And so, I think that that is
probably the one I would go with despite
a number of very good options. And
finally, money is no object. I would go
with the Trackman 4. Simple as that. Uh,
you could say a GC quad, but honestly, I
think that you get 90 95% of the value
of a GC Quad with the Bushnell Launch
Pro for 2500 bucks. I think accuracy is
going to be very similar. All the
software is the same. The user
experience is going to be similar. So, I
just think for most people, you're not
going to need to spend the money on a GC
Quad when a GC3 or GC3S or a Bushnell
Launch Pro, those are all essentially
the same device, are going to do pretty
much as good of a job for what you need.
Trackman on the other hand, despite all
its flaws, every time I go and use one,
it just works really well. Now that I'm
more familiar with it, I love the way it
works. The accuracy is great. Playing
courses on it is great. The games are
great. It's a ton of money, but uh it's
the gold standard for a reason. And so,
if money was no object, that's the one
that I would buy. So, there you go.
Those are my picks. And honestly, they
might change tomorrow, but that's how I
feel right now. Making this list was a
little bit trickier than I expected it
to be. I really expected just be like,
"Oh, yeah, this one and this one and
this one." But then I start looking at
all the nuances and the differences and
it's like, well, I like this, but I
don't like this. And so, it just goes to
show there is no perfect launch monitor.
There's only the perfect one for you.
And hopefully with all the content that
I put out here on Breaking 80, I've
helped you narrow down what that is to
try and find the right ones for your
needs. If you're still not sure what the
right one for your needs are, you can go
take my 30 secondond quiz. You're going
to answer a few questions around what
you're looking for, and I'm going to
give you my best recommendation based on
your needs. If you have any questions
about any of these or my experience with
them, feel free to drop a comment below.
But with that, my name is Sean Ogle. I'm
the founder of this thing here, Breaking
80. We talk about cool golf courses,
cool golf products, and uh if you liked
it, then uh maybe subscribe, give a
thumbs up, leave a comment, do all of
those things, and we'll see you on the
next video. Peace.