Representative Anna Paulina Luna says
she has documents, JFK assassination
documents from the Russians. This is her
announcing that she was going to be
receiving them.
>> Can you give us any new developments on
what's maybe taking place from the
>> very big one?
>> Yeah. So, I actually have a very very
big one. I just found out earlier today
that for the first time since the
assassination of Kennedy um that the
Russian government has agreed to deliver
documents pertaining to their
independent investigation into who who
killed JFK. What's been interesting
about that is um in the '90s when
Congress tried to obtain those
documents, the Russian government denied
those documents to them and they are
actually handd delivering those to us.
And so that will be uploaded. We're
going to be doing it through the Mary
Ferrell Foundation. And I'm also going
to be giving a copy to the National
Archives and um we actually are are
bringing on people that can translate
those documents so the American people
can see what the parallel investigation
from foreign intelligence actually said
on the assassination. So, we know via
some of our findings, you know,
Radcliffe has done an incredible job
with releasing the information that
actually um largely does show that the
CIA not only lied and blocked Congress's
efforts to investigate the
assassination, but also too that, you
know, they had some not so good people
over at the agency who I do believe um
were implicated in the assassination of
President Kennedy. So,
>> okay. Well, the Russians did give her
the documents. They're in Russian.
What do you expect? So, they gave her it
was three the document is 386 pages
long. Uh the ambassador of Russia gave
the the Russian investigation into JFK's
assassination to representative Paul
Anap Luna. She then posted these online.
They're in Russian. We did kind of go
through. We didn't have time today to
read 386 pages. So, we kind of did a
skim. So, we translated them and skimmed
them for pretty much an understanding of
what the documents say. And I think the
documents say what you would expect them
to say about the assassination of JFK
from a Russian perspective, which is we
didn't do it. That's essentially what
the Russians are saying. They're saying
we didn't do it. I mean, all of us were
hoping for some major big bombshell,
but here's essentially what happened in
these documents. Um, says that this is a
summary of the of the 386 pages. US
Soviet relations were improving
following the 1962 Cuban missile crisis.
In June of 1963, President John F.
Kennedy delivered his strategy of peace
speech advocating nuclear disarmament
and cooperation with the USSR. Kruch uh
Kruev and the Soviet press responded
positively. Pravatada published the full
text. In August of 1963, the US, UK, and
USSR signed the Moscow nuclear test ban
treaty. Both sides maintained limited
back channel contacts in anticipation of
further arms control talks. Kruev
learned of Kennedy's assassination while
at his residence outside of Moscow on
November 22nd, 1963.
He immediately contacted foreign
minister Andre uh Groyoko and the Soviet
ambassador to the US Ant uh Anti Doin.
The Soviet leadership feared that the US
might sub suspect Soviet or Cuban
involvement. So that is why the Soviets
decided to investigate the uh the
assassination of JFK. They did that
because they worried that oh no, they
are going to blame us for this. So we
better get on this and take a look.
especially when they heard that it was
Lee Harvey Oswald who was involved and
that he had spent time in the Soviet in
the Soviet Union had defected to the
Soviet Union. So the Soviets were really
concerned about this. They were really
worried that this would be pinned on
them.
Said that Kruev directed the official
that official condolences be sent and a
delegation attend the funeral. He stated
a president must be buried by a
president. Uh, Deputy Premier Anstas
Muyan was chosen to represent the USSR
at the funeral in Washington. From
November 25th to uh 23rd to 25th, Dory
Brennan informed Moscow that the accused
assassin Lee Harvey Oswald had
previously lived in the USSR from 1959
to 1962.
Kruev ordered the Foreign Ministry and
KGB to collect all records related to
Oswald. So this is when the Russians
really opened up their investigation was
they were like, "Oh they're going
to blame us. Oswald lived in the Soviet
Union. This is going to be terrible for
relations."
Um, the Kremlin assessed that the
revelation could trigger and uh trigger
anti-Seviet hysteria in the United
States. Oswald's Soviet file was
reviewed and transmitted to senior
officials within 24 hours.
So late November of 1963, the findings
that they had uh gathered, they said
Oswald lived in Minkx from 1959 to 1962
after defecting from the US Marines. He
worked in a radio electronics plant,
married a Russian citizen, Marina uh
Pruskova, and repeatedly sought to
return to the US. Soviet authorities
found him politically inconsistent,
emotionally unstable, and of little
intelligence value. He was not recruited
or tasked by Soviet security services.
After he left the USSR in 1962, there
was no further contact between Oswald
and Soviet agencies. The internal
conclusion, Oswald acted alone and
without Soviet assistance.
But I mean, what else do you expect
these documents to say from the
Russians? I mean, would you expect them
to be like, "Yeah, we did an
investigation. By the way, we did find
that Oswald when he defected to the
Soviet Union, we actually did recruit
him. they actually did use him for a
couple of things. I mean, they're not
going to say that because then it's
going to imply that maybe then they used
him for this to assassinate JFK and then
they're kind of perhaps implicated in
this. So, I I don't really expect the
Russians to be totally transparent when
they hand over documents to
Representative Annapoleina Luna, right?
Um but nonetheless, it's interesting
just to see what they say about all of
this. Okay.
Then it says um
then in late November also the USSR sent
condolence telegrams to Jaclyn Kennedy,
Robert Kennedy and President Lyndon B.
Johnson. Uh Muyan attended the
Washington funeral and delivered Kruev's
written condolences. The Soviet
government instructed its diplomats and
press to avoid speculation and to
emphasize grief and stability.
Internal reports expressed concern that
the extremist factions in the US might
exploit the murder to derail Dutente. In
1964,
the dossier includes records of
continued diplomatic contact between
Moscow and Washington during the Warren
Commission investigation. The USSR
offered to share information on Oswalt's
time in Minsk if requested. Soviet
officials cooperated with the transfer
of minor archival materials to the
future Kennedy Presidential Library.
Moscow's priority was to prevent the
assassination from damaging the limited
progress made in nuclear arms
negotiations.
Um the publication then the editorial
summary, this is just what they ended up
saying in the whole thing. The
publication complies compiles previously
classified Soviet documents from the
presidential archive of the Russian
Federation and related ministries. And
the editors state for the first time on
a strict documentary basis we show the
active assistance of the Soviet
authorities in the investigation of this
crime.
No alternative assassination or
conspiracy is suggested in these.
We were all hoping for something good,
right? We ended up getting We didn't do
it
yet. Um
the official Soviet position reflected
throughout the documents is that Lee
Harvey Oswald was solely responsible.
The USSR had no involvement or prior
knowledge. The Soviet leadership viewed
Kennedy's death as a serious blow to
world peace and US Soviet cooperation.
So
like I said, that is to be expected from
the Soviets that they come back and say
we weren't involved. I don't think
though any of us that are alive to, you
know, I don't think any of us that are
that that don't believe the official
narrative, I don't think we're really
pointing the finger at the Russians. So,
I think that's also why the Russians
felt like, "Ah, we'll just release this
to you because all it says is we didn't
do it. We investigated Lee Harvey
Oswald. We didn't have any connection to
him." Um, again, we didn't get to read
the full 386 pages of this document. So,
it's possible that there's better stuff
in this. We just have to go through it a
lot deeper, kind of like 10 pages at a
time, and see if there's like a little
nugget or a little gem in there. So,
we'll certainly try to go through and do
that to see if there's um, you know, or
we'll wait. There's a lot of Russian
speakers, a lot of pe native Russians
that will read it and then they'll start
posting, you know, their findings from
being able to read these documents. I
think what a lot of us would have liked
to see, I mean, you know, it's kind of
how much investigation can Russia really
do,
probably not that much um because
they're in Russia and this was a US
assassination on US soil. The only the
only thing they could really investigate
was Lee Harvey Oswald. However, I think
that's what we all would have liked to
see a little bit more of is certainly
you must have investigated this guy.
Certainly, you must have some dirt on
him because you don't end up with some
American Marine showing up on your shore
being like, "I'm defecting." And you
haven't done a background check on the
guy. You didn't really do your due
diligence, maybe even follow him around
a little bit to find out if he was a
double agent. It seems to me that it
would be odd for them to just say, "Nah,
we just thought the guy was a lunatic
and so we just let him go." You know, we
just we just whatever. like he's just
some loony that was just living here. I
mean, I certainly that's always
possible, but I would like I think many
of us what we'd like to see is a little
bit of a deeper probe into Lee Harvey
Oswald. It would have been great if the
Russians came out and said, "Yeah, this
guy was uh we did an investigation into
him. We found that he had connections to
the CIA. We found that he had
connections to um you know, all these
various different out organizations,
outlets. We found that the guy was a
shot. there was no way he was going
to make that shot. I mean, it would have
been great if he just would if if the
Russians would have come out and said
something that I think verified that
there is more to the story and instead
they're just like it wasn't us and uh
all we know is we just think Lee Lee
Harvey Oswald did it. That's that's all
we know. That's what because you know I
mean if you're going to sit there and
say it's what else are they going to
say? Like I said because if you're going
to say well we investigated Lee Harvey
Oswald and there's no way he could have
done it. Uh that's not really a dip it's
not a very good diplomatic position for
Russia to be in the official US
narrative is that Lee Harvey Oswell did
it and that's the end of the story and
that's the official government that's
the that's the government line. So if
you're trying to be diplomatic with the
Americans you're not going to say
actually we think you're just full of it
and by the way you guys didn't land on
the moon either. You know I mean they're
not going to say these things because
they want to keep diplomatic relations
with the United States. So, they're just
going to say, "Yep, okay, your narrative
is all right." And they're just going to
leave it to the rest of the American
sleuths to go around and say, "These
pieces don't add up. This isn't
aligning." And you know, you guys are
feeding us a bunch of bull. So, the but
it's important to remember because I
think some people might look at these
documents and say, "See, case closed.
Even the Russians said Lee Harvey Oswalt
did it." But then you have to think,
well, what do they know? I mean, they
don't know anything because they
couldn't investigate here in the United
States. All they were interested in
investigating was, did we do it? Did
somebody Did somebody in our realm do
this? And and if so,
would they even admit it? If that's what
they had discovered, if the Russians had
discovered that, yep, Lee Harvey Oswald
was part of a Russian ring and actually
it was the Russians that killed JFK, do
you think they would even admit that?
And like I said, they're not going to
admit that. Well, we don't think he did
it either because that's bad for
diplomatic relations with the United
States. So they're just going to and it
and it's there's no reason to go against
the diplomatic line. It's kind of like
how everybody with China, you know, all
the countries will just say, "Yep,
Taiwan's China." Or if they want to be
on the good side of the United States,
they'll say, "Nope, Taiwan's not China."
You know, whatever narrative they want
to take. They people take certain
stances. Countries take certain stances
just depending on their diplomatic
relationship with that country. So there
is no benefit for Russia to say, "We
actually don't think Lee Harvey Oswald
did this. We investigated the guy.
There's no way he did this.
What would how would that benefit the
Russians at all? So, of course, they're
not going to come out and say that
because it would only do damage to their
diplomatic relationship with the United
States and it's just not a big enough
interest of their theirs to care who who
killed JFK. None of their business. They
don't care. They're like, "Oh, you want
to poison your wife? Go ahead."
That's the Russian mentality. Um,
none of my business. That's between you
two. And that's, I think, their stance
on this. So much to be, you know, it it
is disappointing. We all wanted to see a
little bit more than what we got, but
essentially at this point, the summary
of the Russian JFK assassination
documents that was they're handed to
Representative Anna Paulina Luna was uh
we didn't do it.
Thank you for watching this clip from
the full Kim Iverson show, which you can
catch Monday through Friday, 2:00 p.
p.m. Pacific, 5:00 p. p.m. Eastern at
kimironshow.com.
It is free for you to watch. Again, 2
p.m. Pacific, 5:00 p.m. Eastern. Kim
Iversonshow.com. See you there.