There's an AI bubble right now, but the
problem is everyone is talking about the
bubble wrong. It's not a bubble just
because the companies are overvalued.
It's not a bubble because AI isn't
actually going to change the world. It's
a bubble because new technology is
really hard to interpret and the biggest
bubbles in history have followed a
pattern that AI is following dead
straight right now. This bubble is tens
of trillions big and it is going to
burst. And in this video, I'll do my
best to explain what is actually going
on. how a technological bubble actually
works, how it's different from a
financial bubble, what happens when it
bursts, and what you need to do to
protect yourself from all of this as
well. Now, let's start off with the
basics here. There is a bubble in AI
valuations, and I'm just going to prove
it to you really, really quickly doing
two things. First of all, taking a look
at the valuations themselves, and then
by taking a look at the circular
investments, which are inflating the
data that investors are out there
looking at. So, right off the bat, it's
not going to surprise you when I say
that the S&P 500 is overvalued right now
by pretty much any metric, right? Its PE
ratio is about 28 right now. The forward
PE ratio is about 24 right now. Both of
those are well well above their historic
averages between 10 and 20. The Schiller
PE ratio of the S&P 500, which is
basically a more useful look at price to
earnings for the S&P because it's
inflation adjusted over the previous
10-year period. Well, that shows that
the S&P is even more overvalued. As you
can see from this graph right here now,
it's currently sitting at 39, the second
highest it has been in human history
ever since stock markets have existed.
And it's beaten only by the absolute
peak of the dot bubble, which obviously
burst and led to a massive recession.
Now, every single time the Shilipe has
been above 30, there has been a bubble
and a crash. From the Great Depression
over here all the way over to the COVID
crash just a couple of years ago. But
more specifically than just the S&P 500
being overvalued and that indicating
that there is an AI bubble, it's that of
the Magnificent 7. The seven companies
which have been dominating the global
stock market the last couple of years.
Apple, Google, Microsoft, Amazon, Meta,
Nvidia, and Tesla. But frankly,
everything we're about to say about the
Mag 7, well, that can be repeated across
all of the massive AI hyped companies
like Oracle and AMD, ASML, and TSMC.
Now, how much of the S&P 500 is made up
of these seven supposedly magnificent
companies? Well, right now, this graph
shows exactly that. This red line here
shows you the percent of uh the S&P 500
which is made up of those top seven
companies and it's rising rising rising
as you can see consistently over the
last few years peaking at about 35%
right now. That means that of the $55
trillion of wealth within the S&P 500
right now that's split up between 500
companies, so it's supposedly really
well diversified. Well, about $21
trillion of that or 35% of all of that
value is in just seven companies. And
this is obviously the most concentrated
that the stock market has ever been
before in human history. Now, as a
result of that, when you invest into the
S&P 500 right now, you buy into your
index fund or into your pension fund and
you know that goes into the index fund.
Onethird of your money is going into
these mag seven companies. So, how are
they valued? What's the say forward
price to sales ratio for the Magnificent
7? Well, right now it's about eight,
which is against 2.5 for the rest of the
S&P 500. So about 250% higher than the
rest of the market, which we know is
already overvalued itself. Okay, then
what about forward price to earning
ratios? Well, for the S&P 500, that's
about 20, just above 20 at the moment,
compared to 30 for the Magnificent 7. So
about 50% higher than the rest of the
market. Again, even more overvalued. But
what about something like growth or or
the growth in valuation or share price
of Magnificent 7 stocks in general since
this AI bubble started? Well, it's been
about 20 times higher than that of the
S&P 500 itself over the last 2 years.
And not a single one of the Magnificent
7 companies grew slower than the rest of
the index. Now, the real big indicator
that yes, there is an overvaluation
within these markets based on this AI
hype all comes down to the estimated
addition to market cap of S&P 500
companies from AI ever since this bubble
started about 3 years ago when chat GBT
was first released. Now, in essence,
there is an estimated pickup of 20
trillion US in market valuation from AI
alone over the last few years. The S&P
500 was worth about $32 trillion when
Chat GBT was released and this craze
really started. Now 3 years later, it's
worth 57 trillion with only about 5
trillion of that or about 20% actually
being attributable to the nonAI
companies rising in value over the last
3 years. So AI has added $20 trillion to
the S&P 500's market cap in 3 years. Now
what is that brand new $20 trillion
worth of value based off? You know how
much revenue has been created and booked
on these companies to justify an
increase in $20 trillion? Well, not
really as much as you'd think. Revenue
for the Magnificent 7, for example, has
been growing by about 15% year-over-year
for the last 3 years combined. That's
about a 50% uplift over the last 3
years. This here is an index on CNBC of
the Magnificent 7's market
capitalization over the last three
years. Though it's indexed at zero,
right when Chat GBT was released at the
end of 2022 at 100 here. 3 years later,
it's sitting at 396,
peaking even above 400. So valuations
have been growing for Mag 7 companies by
about 60% per year for 3 years. That's
300%
increase in market valuation over the
last three years combined for the Max 7
based on revenues going up by just about
50%. Now, we are finally at a point
where the hype is getting too much for
even sane investors to stomach and
they're starting to speak out. We see
this article here detailing how Morgan
Stanley's top analyst is very concerned,
literally quote, very concerned by the
growth of this AI bubble. We've even
seen it go further with the Bank of
England, the central bank of the United
Kingdom coming out and saying that we
are in an AI bubble and that it could
take down the global economy. And of
course, we have the managing director of
the International Monetary Fund also
warning about this whole problem as
well. So, I think it's clear that there
is without a doubt a bubble regarding AI
here, and that does go some way in
explaining why so many investors are
getting worried and returning to safe
haven assets like gold instead. Now,
we're seeing record gold prices around
$4,000 per ounce and billionaire hedge
fund managers, including Ray Dalio,
comparing today to the mid1970s and
advising us to earn more gold than
usual. Billionaire fund manager and bond
guru Jeff Gundlak is saying that having
25% in gold isn't even excessive. This
year has been a seismic shift in gold,
silver, and copper which are very near
their record highs as well. And for this
new bull market, I'm profiling a gold
and copper exploration and development
opportunity on US soil. The sponsor of
this video, who I've spoken about
before, US Gold Mining Inc., ticker
symbol USGO on the NASDAQ. Now, what
transpired last week is one of the most
pivotal moments in the history of mining
in Alaska. In my view, President Trump
announced that the administration is
acting on their executive orders
regarding mineral resource opportunities
in Alaska. They gave approval to the
Amler Road project, a proposed 211 mile
road intended to connect the remote
Amler mining district to the Dalton
Highway. Now, this road is a key piece
of infrastructure to unlock access to
the mineral resources in the central
north of Alaska. The important thing
here is the market signal and this is
why I think you should take a look at US
gold mining. Alaska is clearly important
for Trump's administration. He issued an
executive order on day one of his
presidency called unleashing Alaska's
extraordinary resource potential. He
then issued a second executive order
called immediate measures to increase
American mineral production. These
executive orders direct government
agencies to maximize mineral production
in the US including copper and gold. And
in addition to federal support, state
support couldn't be any stronger either.
The governor of Alaska has visited US
gold mining's project, Governor Dun Levy
is a strong proponent of economic growth
and the infrastructure to support mining
in his state. The Whistler project
mineral resource estimate comprises 294
million tons at 68 g per ton gold
equivalent for 6.48 48 million ounces of
gold equivalent indicated plus 198
million tons of 65 g per ton equivalent
for 4.16 million ounces gold equivalent
in third. Now, you should review US gold
mining's latest annual report on form
10K and the technical report summary
incorporated in it and it's Canadian
technical report titled NI43-101
2024 updated mineral resource estimate
for the Whistler project South Central
Alaska with an effective date of
September the 12th, 2024 for information
on the company, the project and the
mineral resource estimate. These are all
available under US gold miners profile
at www.sec.gov
and www.cedaplus.ca.
Now US gold mining has a really unique
ownership structure as well. 78% of the
outstanding shares are held by the
parent company and another 4.5% are held
by management and insiders. So more than
80% of the shares are very tightly held.
A pivotal catalyst is now underway as
well which is why I'm telling you about
US gold mining. We just had a historic
Fed rate cut cycle start. Gold is
trading at all-time highs and Trump's
administration has issued two executive
orders on Alaska and the state is moving
forward with a road system, the west of
Sitna access project to connect the
Whistler project with Anchorage. And now
US gold mining has begun the process of
a preliminary economic assessment, a
study which reviews economic factors and
the timing couldn't be any better with
gold about $4,000 per ounce and copper
around $5 per pound. Of course, do your
own research and due diligence, but make
sure you review US Gold Mining's annual
report and their other filings with the
SEC when you research this opportunity,
and I'll leave some links down below in
the description for you. But definitely
take a closer look at US Gold Mining,
Inc. trading under USGO on the NASDAQ
today. Okay, so why is the risk of a
bubble so huge within this AI space
completely ignoring just the pure
valuations right now? Well, it's all
because of excessive hype and the
ridiculous levels of what we call
circular investments, which are giving
the illusion of an incredibly mature and
profitable AI business market. Now,
what's a circular investment? Really
simple. It's something like company A
buys a product from company B. Company A
buys shares of company B and becomes a
shareholder. And then company B buys
shares of company A and becomes a
shareholder. And so revenues for company
A benefit shareholder company B which
benefit company A and company B. And it
goes around and round all over. A
traditional example would be something
like Porsche and Volkswagen, the
European car makers. VW is a car brand
just like Audi and Porsche and Bentley
and Lamborghini, and they all make their
own cars and sell them to customers. And
then Porsche AG is the actual company
that owns the brand Porsche. And then VW
AG is the company that owns Porsche AG
and the other car brands. And Porsche SE
is a holding company that owns both
Porsche AG and VW AG. But there's all
sorts of different revenue streams that
are split between the companies. And
it's this really messy, convoluted mess
basically. But what we're seeing now in
2025 and actually for the last couple of
years is a ridiculous degree of circular
investments within the AI space. And
there are loads and loads of really big
players in the aerospace. Some are doing
more AI than others and most are doing
slightly different things, but they're
all very related. And the big players
that I think are most important here are
OpenAI who make the actual AI software
that does that supposed thinking. You
then have companies like Oracle who are
building big data warehouses full of
computers basically that the AI can
actually run itself on and do the
processing power. Then you have Nvidia
or other competitors to Nvidia who are
making the hardware computer components.
They're called GPUs that a company like
Oracle uses in their massive data
centers for running the AI that's made
by OpenAI. So you see we're starting to
get into the length of this supply chain
here and why there are so many big
companies in this space. Then we have a
company like TSMC who are making the
microchips that go into the GPUs that
Nvidia make for Oracle to use to run the
processing for the AI that's made by
OpenAI. And then we have ASML which is
the company that makes the machines that
TSMC use to make the microchips that
Nvidia use to make the GPUs that Oracle
use to run the processing for the AI
that open AAI use to actually run the
AI. So we have a really really long
complicated supply chain there and there
are sort of five degrees or levels of AI
boom going on right now and there's a
load of big players at different stages
here but say open AI they're worth about
500 billion right now Oracle about 850
billion Nvidia 4.5 trillion TSMC 1.2 2
trillion and ASML about 400 billion. All
of them in pure number today. Just pure
figures alone are overvalued with PE
ratios as high as 50 for Nvidia or
literally infinite for OpenAI since
they're losing, you know, $20 billion or
so a year and not making any earnings.
But the reason I say this is all
circular is because a lot of the revenue
and the massive deals that are being
signed by these AI companies are
actually coming sort of from themselves
and from other AI companies in this
great big incestuous mess. They all sort
of inflate each other trading money on
paper between each other. And so they're
inflating revenue and then they're
inflating their earning potential and
causing their market caps to rise based
on hype and speculation. But none of it
is really real. So, what's an example of
this? Well, OpenAI signed a great big
deal and they agree to use tens of
billions of dollars worth of AI chips
from AMD, a competitor to Nvidia. And
AMD gets to invest into OpenAI and
become a 10% shareholder, so one of the
biggest shareholders in the company. So,
AMD gets out of this an extra $50
billion in revenue over the next few
years. And their market cap jumps by $60
billion on this news alone at 34% in a
single day. Open AAI then they basically
sell those shares to AMD as AMD becomes
a new 10% shareholder and it uses AMD's
own money to buy stuff from AMD. So
OpenAI basically gets $50 billion worth
of computer chips for free and AMD
basically gets to buy 10% of a $500
billion company for free. And so they
both somehow end up $50 billion up and
both of their valuations skyrocket as a
result even though nothing's really
improved for them. We then have Nvidia
announcing a partnership with Open AAI.
Now Nvidia with this partnership can
invest up to hundred billion into OpenAI
over time. And OpenAI will use that
hundred billion in investment to buy
GPUs from Nvidia. So Nvidia gets to own
part of a huge company. Open AAI
basically gets to end up with hund00
billion worth of computers for free and
Nvidia ends up with an extra hundred
billion in revenue. So both companies
skyrocket in value based on that news.
Then we have a company like Coreweave
which is another new AI company that
competes with Oracle. Basically they're
running big data centers for AI and
they're funded using some debt from
Nvidia's GPUs as collateral. So if they
don't repay this debt then they lose the
GPUs which are worth billions. Now
Nvidia also own shares of Coreweave and
Nvidia have another deal with Coree to
use any of its spare capacity computing
power for years into the future. So
Coree is buying GPUs from Nvidia secured
against the GPUs from Nvidia to buy more
GPUs from Nvidia and Nvidia owns part of
Coreweave. So coreweave grows its
revenue and its valuation as a result
and Nvidia grows its re revenue and its
valuation as a result as well. Now this
expands far beyond just the companies
I've mentioned so far. Microsoft is a
part owner of OpenAI and OpenAI by chips
from Nvidia who work in close
collaboration on cloud processing with
Microsoft. Nvidia designs its chips.
TSMC actually builds them. ASML actually
build the machines that are needed to
build those chips. One company buys GPUs
from India and suddenly the market caps
of all three of those companies jump up.
We have Oracle running that cloud
infrastructure using GPUs boosting
revenue valuations for Nvidia, AMD.
Oracle partners with other AI startups
and gives them cheap access to cloud
infrastructure to run their AIs and then
Nvidia invests into those AI startups
and then they use that money to run
computing power which results in more
GPUs being sold. It's like the most
incestrous family in all of Alabama had
just this great big massive family orgy.
There's so many parties and deals going
on that it's impossible to keep track of
it all. But this wouldn't be that much
of a problem if investor sentiment were
rooted in reality and in profits. But
it's not. It's actually incredible
incredibly similar to what we saw happen
with the global financial crisis and the
housing collapse in 2008, right? Because
person buys a house, right? He gets a
mortgage and the bank now has an asset.
the mortgage. The person now has an
asset as well, the house. But the
mortgage asset was invented out of thin
air because of fractional reserve
banking. The bank didn't actually need
to have the money to hand to lend it.
They printed it to lend it. So the total
value of assets in the economy has
increased out of nowhere. Then the bank
takes a hundred of those mortgages and
they package them up into a group of
mortgages. And now there's loads of
mortgages. So the perceived risk is
lower. So the value is going up. So the
value of the mortgages that's packaged
up is greater than what's inside. And so
again, more value has been created out
of thin air. And then the bank takes a
collection of those packaged up
mortgages and creates a CDO
collateralized debt obligation. They put
some extra debt in there, leverage it up
even further. And so even more of the
value has been created out of thin air.
And suddenly something like $100 million
in real estate has turned into $1
billion in value in financial
instruments. So, no one really knows
what's going on or where the value comes
from. And as long as the lines keep
going up, everything's fine. But when
people stop paying their mortgages, the
house of cards all comes crashing down.
And we're seeing a really, really
similar thing happen here with these AI
circular investments. Because revenue
for an AI company is seen as something
ridiculously valuable because supposedly
this technology will change the world.
And so adding something like a billion
dollars of revenue can add 10, 20, even
$30 billion in market valuation. So
company Agrees to buy a billion dollars
worth of AI stuff from company B.
Company B agrees to invest $1 billion
into company A. And so we have this
imaginary $1 billion that doesn't even
need to exist being passed from company
B to company A and then back to company
B. Neither company has any more cash
than they had before. But now company B
has an extra billion dollars in revenue
and it's worth an extra 10 billion in
market cap. And that extra market cap is
then used to raise more funding from its
investors and pay for the initial $1
billion. So it never even really needed
to have the cash in the first place. And
suddenly $1 billion is printed out of
thin air purely because investors got
excited about a supposed deal. The
insane valuations in this AI space mean
that these circular investments pay for
themselves and then some on top as well.
So all in all, an AN company, all they
have to do to grow infinitely is just to
keep announcing these circular
investments that don't even really need
to be funded. And half of these
companies are supposed to be
competitors, but they're all working
with each other like a cartel because
they know that if they compete, they
both lose. And if they collude, they
both win. Now, there are two bubbles in
history with almost perfect parallels to
what we're seeing today with this AI
bubble that I really want to speak about
quickly. There's the railway bubble or
the the great panic of the 1840s and
then there's the dot and the telecom
bubble in the 2000s. Now, the railway
bubble is is far less well known about,
but it's based on a new technology just
like the AI bubble today, right? we go
back 150, 170, 80 years and railways get
invented as a brand new technology and
some early adopters come through and
they come out as successes in the UK and
it's really really profitable. And so by
the 1830s and the 1840s this uh there's
a huge amount of hype around railways
because they're this brand new
technology that all the investors are
convinced is going to change the world
and so they're going to get rich off it.
Government is out there approving
hundreds of railway projects.
Newspapers, the media are out there
hyping railways up as the future of
commerce and the future of
transportation. And banks and stock
brokers are this new invention as well,
which make it really easy for even
ordinary people to invest, often with a
lot of debt. And so the share prices of
these railway companies keep rising and
rising in this speculative bubble until
it all falls apart and the bubble burst.
But why did the bubble burst when the
technology was actually revolutionary
and it did change transport forever?
Well, interest rates rose and so access
to credit worsened and so it got much
more expensive to build out the
infrastructure for this technology to
change the world and then building and
operating the railways themselves that
ended up actually being less profitable
than people had imagined despite how
revolutionary the new technology was.
And so this brand new technology comes
along and it changes the world forever
and every investor recognizes that and
they want in on it. they want to get
rich off it because the end result did
change the world forever. So, they were
right. But that doesn't mean that
there's lots of money in the technology
itself. We saw the same thing happen
with the telecom bubble in the 2000s,
which kind of coincided with the dotcom
bubble in the late '9s and the early
2000s. The telecommunications industry
is doing really, really well, right? The
internet is rapidly expanding along with
the mobile phone market. And so these
brand new technologies that were, you
know, really, really incredible are in
the process of changing the world. And
every investor wants to get in on it
along with easier access to investing
from, you know, internet stuff like uh
Erade that caused speculation and a
massive share price spikes in this space
and loads of telecom companies start
investing billions and billions into
infrastructure companies like WorldCom
or Nortell or Global Crossing. Now,
everyone thought that demand for the
internet and mobile networks would keep
rising exponentially, and they were
right. It did. But they also thought
that the companies owning that
infrastructure and selling access to the
internet would have huge pricing power
and would become rich with that extra
demand, which didn't happen. The market
was too competitive. The profit margins
were too slim, and customers had
basically no brand loyalty. So, when
prices rose with one company, they would
just leave and go to a cheaper
competitor. So that new technology again
just like railways that did change the
world forever and did create huge
amounts of wealth. Well, investors
speculated on it and they created a
massive bubble based on changing that
world. But it turned out in the end the
companies building the infrastructure
they changed the world but they didn't
really make much money from it even
though the technology was genuinely
incredible. Now, what we see today with
AI bubbles and actually it's incredibly
similar and funnily enough I I actually
stumbled across this article here from
Reuters which is about 18 months old at
this point which is Victorian rail mania
the 1840s the great panic that we just
spoke about has lessons for AI investors
and to to you know cut a long story
short the article goes in in particular
about the amount of capital expense
which is being sucked up by railways
back then and compares that to the AI
bubble and how much capital expenditure
is being spend and on just AI
infrastructure right now. And it really
really is incredibly similar. There was
this brand new technology that looked
like it was ready to change the world.
And there was massive massive amounts of
investor hype and in capital expenditure
with investing into that technology and
people getting rich on paper at first,
but the companies actually building the
AI out at the moment have yet to show
any real success in actually making
money, right? Just like the railways did
back in the 1840s, OpenAI's operating
margins haven't gotten better over the
last year. In 2024, they spent $2.34 to
generate $1 in revenue. In 2025, so far,
they've had to spend more, $260 to
generate $1 in revenue. So, they're
actually finding it harder to grow, not
easier. And despite this, OpenAI's
valuation went from 300 billion 6 months
ago to 500 billion today. So they're
getting less efficient and yet they're
worth 80% more over the course of 6
months. Now OpenAI enchantt is the most
popular AI right now. But frankly, as
someone who uses AI a lot for my
business and for my work, there are 20
others out there that are just as good
from rival firms. And so far, we don't
really know if ChatGBT will be like
Google with just huge degrees of brand
loyalty or like WorldCom with zero brand
loyalty and no ability to charge prices
high enough for a healthy profit margin.
Now, Nvidia are out there right now
making huge, huge money selling GPUs,
but it's all predicated on other AI
companies propping each other up and not
really making any profit yet. So Nvidia
is actually funding a huge amount of its
revenue itself and it's growing and
getting really really wealthy and rich
based off this perceived massive amount
of demand for all of this AI
infrastructure. But if the AI
infrastructure doesn't turn out to be
profitable a couple of years down the
line, well then they're going to stop
expanding and that capital expenditure
is going to stop and Nvidia is going to
see its revenue drop off a cliff just
like we see with capital expenditure in
railways in the 1840s. It explodes to
this massive point here and then it
comes crashing back down. Now AI I
actually am really really firm in the
belief that it will change the world
forever just like the railways did and
just like the internet did. But the
railways didn't make the railway owners
actually that rich. It made
manufacturers who use railways to export
their goods around the world filthy
rich. The internet didn't actually make
the companies laying the physical cables
down filthy rich. It made the companies
like Amazon or Meta who built businesses
on the internet filthy rich instead. So
far, there really isn't much to suggest
that the companies winning from AI today
will be the ones that actually come out
on top in 10 years time. It might be the
call centers who fire all their human
staff and use AI instead who come out on
top or the banks which use AI trading
algorithms to make trillions or the
education companies who use AI on their
apps to to get rid of, you know,
teachers like Dolingo for learning
languages. So far, these AI companies
are showing every sign of a bubble with
huge similarities to previous bubbles
spurred on by new technology. Now, the
silver lining with this bubble is that
it is a bubble based on revolutionary
technology. Right? When the railway
companies went bust, the railways were
still there, right? They were still
running, making it cheap to move things
and to move people around. And so, the
economy around those railways still grew
and benefited. When the telecom bubble
burst, the internet was still growing
and people still used those cables and
businesses were still built and
benefited from that capital expenditure
into building out that infrastructure.
So the economy still benefited. On the
other hand, when the housing bubble
burst in 2008, there was no new
technology. It was a financial bubble,
not a industrial or technological bubble
caused purely by speculation and no new
technology. it didn't grow alongside
that massive capital investment into
this exciting new thing that's going to
change the world. So when it burst,
there was pretty much nothing positive
left behind and we suffered a hell of a
lot more for it. This AI bubble seems to
be propagating a monstrous massive
investment into data centers which are
basically just massive computers that
allow you to use a big computer without
having to pay for it yourself. The
amount of computing power in the world
right now is exploding and that will be
usable for us in the future regardless
of whether or not this bubble pops. And
so the silver lining here is that even
if the bubble bursts and Nvidia can't
sustain these revenue numbers and it
goes down to $20 billion a year in
revenue, well, the data centers are
already built and they're going to stay
there and we can still use them, then
we'll still be able to benefit from them
as well. Now, if you want to learn more
about what's going on here, if you want
to hear about financial and economic and
geopolitical news before everyone else,
then you can click the link down below
in the description and sign up for my
email newsletter here, Stoic Finance,
for free. I don't have to record and
edit these whole videos together. So,
I'm able to get that content out to you
far quicker, making sure that you're
ahead of the crowd. And I'm completely
uncensored, right? There's no YouTube
algorithm that I have to pander to or or
threat of demonetization or anything.
So, I'm allowed to go into a lot more
detail and often get into some things
that YouTube might consider a little bit
conspiratorial on there. The link is uh
down there below in the description box
and you can of course cancel and
unsubscribe any questions uh any anytime
you want, no questions asked. So, yes,
if you want to go and have a look at
that, then click the link down below and
you can join Stoke Finance and see what
you know some of the reviews say as
well. And also make sure to have a
deeper look at US gold mining as well.