Vigorous intensity exercise is great for
that reason, but it's also great
because it is a way of improving our
cardiorespiratory fitness, our
cardiovascular health. And so
cardiorespiratory fitness is a measure
of it's usually measured in terms of V2
max as you know. And it's the maximum
amount of oxygen that you can take in
during maximum exercise. And um
cardiorespiratory fitness is really a
marker. I personally think it's now, you
know, emerging data over the last 5
years or so has proven that is probably
the strongest marker we have of
longevity today. You know, there's a lot
of people out there looking at XYZ
biioarker, your epigenetic age, you
know, lots of different aging clocks or
your blood glucose levels, lots of
different things that you can look at.
But it turns out that cardiorespiratory
fitness really is the prominent marker
for longevity. Mhm. So if you're someone
that's doing endurance exercise, like if
you're an elite athlete, you know, these
people are training like what, 30 hours
a week. Yeah. On average, on average,
for the majority of people that are
really just sort of interested in health
and fitness and perhaps, you know, don't
have a lot of time to work out a lot,
you know, they're barely trying to meet
the minimum requirement of two and a
half hours a week of moderate intensity
exercise, let's say. uh they're they're
they're really they're they're they're
limited by time constraints, let's say,
and but they want to improve their V2
max. They want to improve their
cardiorespiratory fitness. So, what kind
of exercise do they engage in to improve
their cardiorespiratory fitness? So, if
you're doing something like 30 hours a
week, you know, that that is something
that's, you know, you're you're
splitting your time between doing
cardiovascular endurance training, but
also some high-intensity interval
training. You're doing some vigorous
intensity exercise along with that as
well. So you're kind of covering all the
bases. But for people that are not doing
such long hours of training, there have
been studies that have shown that even
people that are meeting the 2 and 1/2
hours of moderate intensity exercise,
you know, per week, if they're only
doing this sort of zone 2 training, you
know, where they're not really going
into that vigorous zone. Um, a lot of up
to 40% of people have a hard time
improving their V2 max and they're
called non-responders. And so why is
that? why are they not responding to you
know cardiovascular just simple
endurance training se 70% max heart rate
let's say or below so about moderate
intensity exercise and um it's not
really known why but it's thought that
the stress isn't great enough to cause
the adaptations to allow them to improve
their V2 max and so when you take those
nonresponders and then have them engage
in vigorous intensity exercise then
they're able to improve their
cardiorespiratory fitness again coming
down to that adaptation where you're
putting a greater stress on the
cardiovascular system and there
therefore your body is responding to
that stress with a variety of different
beneficial you know response pathways
and so V2 max I I would say again as a
marker of longevity one of the best ways
you can improve that is by engaging in
vigorous intensity exercise. Mhm. So
that would be kind of the long-winded
answer to the different types of, you
know, endurance versus kind of more
vigorous intensity exercise and why I
think there there's differences, but
also, you know, there's some overlap as
well. And what what do we know again
another like what do we know or not know
about um the the impact of of vigorous
exercise versus endurance exercise on
moving the needle on cardiovascular
health? I mean they're both good for
cardiovascular health right you know
like I what I was mentioning was the
cardiorespiratory fitness aspect and the
reason I was mentioning that is because
almost half the population isn't
responding to that if they're just doing
the sort of moderate intensity exercise
where they're doing 70% their max heart
rate for 2 and 1 half hours a week. I
like to mention that because it seems as
a sizable part of the population really
does need a little bit more stress for
their body to adapt for whatever reason.
Um, I don't know that that's well
understood, but what is understood of
that is does it occur? And so, you know,
I do think again, you don't want to
compare apples to oranges. So, like a
lot of times we'll look at what these
endur endurance athletes are doing and
they're doing a lot of zone 2 exercise,
right? But they're doing a lot of it.
So, I don't think you can compare
someone who's doing over 10 hours a week
to Yeah. I mean, it Yeah. Nobody should
really look at that as a as a benchmark
to decide what they're going to do. And
you know, those people, their zone two
is very unlike the average person's zone
too because they're because they've been
doing it for so many years and they've
built this huge base like the they're
kind of like pace that they're able to
maintain
um would be, you know, beyond the
threshold of an average person. So
they're they're putting a a even though
they're cardiovascularly they can handle
it, they're they are putting an
additional strain on their ligaments and
their muscles and things like that
that's very different from the average
person. Before we move on to
microplastics, I think a good place to
end this section of the podcast is to
kind of explain specifically what
vigorous exercise is or high-intensity
training. Like what would a routine be
for somebody who's never done this
before or where can somebody find
examples of routines? uh to begin this
journey. Okay. So, um there's a lot of
examples of what a high-intensity
interval routine would be depending on
like what kind of interval you're
looking for, what kind of outcome you're
trying to improve, whether that's
improving your cardiorespiratory
fitness, your V2 max, or you wanting to
really get that BDNF increase because
there's studies that have really been
shown to do to do both of those things.
So, I would say in terms of the V2 max
improvements, what's been shown to to be
the most beneficial is the Norwegian 4x4
protocol that I mentioned because for
whatever reason, the longer intervals of
of of going as hard as you can for a
longer period of time. This is not all
out. It's as hard as you can go and
maintain for that duration of four
minutes, right? And so, it's going to be
different for everyone, but you kind of
have to pace yourself and you do that.
something you do on a treadmill or a
stationary bike or a rowing machine. You
can do it on any of them. Um I I've been
doing it on a rowing machine, but um it
was actually I think you know stationary
bikes are what some of these other uh
studies have shown as well. Um people
can do running on a treadmill. I mean it
really you can kind of pick what you
want but the idea is you want to do 4
minutes as at the intensity at the
highest intensity that you can maintain
for that 4 minutes which is not all out.
You do recovery for 3 minutes at a very
low intensity and then you do that and
you repeat it four times. So you do it
four times. It's called the Norwegian
4x4. That's been shown to be one of the
best ways to improve cardiorespiratory
fitness. And in that study where the
heart aging was reversed by 20 years,
those people did it once a week. And so
you can do that once a week. That's
great. Um I do it on a concept two
rower, but um you can do it on a on a on
a bike. You can do it, you know,
whatever whatever it is that works well
for you that you will be consistent in
doing that. Now, I should also point out
if you've never really done
high-intensity interval training before,
you're going to start out probably going
a lot slower for your interval. And
that's fine because you're going to have
to because your your capacity to recover
during the rest aspect of the interval
is not going to be, you know, that
great, right? So, if you go too hard on
the first one, you're not going to make
it through the rest of the set. Exactly.
Yeah. Um, and so for people that are
interested in there's, like I said,
there's a lot of different protocols out
there for vigorous intensity exercise,
improving a variety of different
parameters. Um, I do have a free guide
called how to train according to the
experts and it's really according to all
the experts that I've interviewed on my
podcast in terms of like the different
protocols for training and what they
have been shown to improve. It's all
evidence-based. Um, people can find that
out at how how
totrainguide.com and that's just a free
guide that's it's got all the different
protocols. And then there's another
protocol for the BDNF. So that would be
what you can do to increase your brain
drive neurotrphic factor. There's also a
variety of protocols that have been
shown to do that. One of them is going
at at least 80 to 85% your max heart
rate for 20 to 30 minutes. And um that I
believe was running but I you'd have to
check I have a a free guide on that and
that that guide is called
bdnfprotocols.com and it's a variety of
different protocols that have been you
know shown to increase brain drive
neurotrphic factor if people are really
specifically looking for that type of
protocol which is something like I said
I myself am interested in looking Yeah.