Bull markets were never designed to be
an easy ride, and we've seen another
example of that in the last 24 hours
when Bitcoin lost 5,600 bucks from the
all-time high to the day low, but has
continued to close in a relatively good
position. The last time we saw this was
about two months ago when Bitcoin also
ran into a new all-time high price and
the following day slammed straight back
down, losing 4% on the day and a total
of $7,000 from the high to the low. And
we can look back in history where this
continues to happen time and time again.
New alltime high, selloff, and then a
slam down the following day. We could
see from the previous times the
inauguration high slam down in the day
and then an eventual drop and again from
that all-time high in December 2024 slam
down for a few days after that point.
Now we can go back throughout history
and look at how this occurs. I think the
thing to note from here is what stage of
the cycle we are in and whether we're
seeing any signs of the overall trend
breaking down because we are at a
critical juncture here for the long-term
outlook on the cycle especially being in
October of the third year into the bull
market or very close to the third year
which is a time when a lot of people are
expecting the cycle top to come in. A
lot of talk around the 150 odd weeks
from low to high or you might see it
represented as 1,60 days, 1, 100 days.
All these sorts of things are showing
that there should be some top around now
or through to December basically
according to history. So any of these
sorts of violent movements we see over a
24-h hour period are probably going to
squeeze a lot of people out of the
market. So today's video I want to go
through this how it's basically perfect
timing with some of the other sentiment
signals that we've seen over the last
two weeks and have a look at where we're
going from here. Hit the like, subscribe
to the channel if you're new here. Plus
the reports are going out right now
Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday. Link in
the top of the video description. More
on that later. Let's take a look at the
price here. Obviously now sitting at
121,000. The positives to this move, it
flushes out some of the the leverage in
the game. That's a good thing. And we
haven't closed below any previous
turning points. So, identifying those
key levels like we saw with $118,000.
That was a big level that I brought up
many times on the channel, 717, 1118.
And that also coincided with double top
of the interest rate news and the 7-year
resistance line that you can see here in
the background. this white line here
basically stemming all the way back from
2017 2021 and it rejected well the
market rejected at that line in 24 and
25. So now we're almost safely on top of
this line. So when resistance flips into
support generally big things come next.
So, I'm still on the side that we got
some good things to happen to the upside
here. And any of these sort of downturns
really haven't changed the outlook for
Bitcoin. It's basically just flushing
out some of the the leverage as we'll
look at in just a sec as well. If there
were closes underneath 117, 118ish
level, you can see there were the tops
as I've mentioned and the 7-year line
here coming up to about 118. The 50%
level of the current move so far is at
116800.
So again, when you average these numbers
out, it's about 117,000.
Closes under that level, then I would
probably expect that we're going to come
back down, test these lows, and you can
almost say that the game is over from
that point because breaking these lows
now, it's kind of come a bit too far to
test a lot of these highs at the moment,
and then come all the way back down to
take out the lows. So that could be a
cycle ending signal there. But I think
that's a lower probability, but a
probability nonetheless. That's not how
I'm looking at the market now. It
doesn't seem like it wants to do that.
But there's obviously going to be the
bearish sign out there. I'm very much on
the the long side of the market. Now, if
we've got any sort of consolidation
above that level, that's great. It's
going to keep the market running and
eventually break through the highs. Now,
when it does break through the hives,
the timing of things from this point are
starting to get towards that pointy end.
We've covered the cycles many, many
times before, looking at each of the
prior cycles. So, this one here we're
calling the genesis cycle, basically the
first Bitcoin cycle, 2010 to the peak in
2013 with the correction. That was the
first major bare market that lasted more
than 12 months or on on the money of 12
months. This one here was 14. The next
couple have been 12. Whereas this one
here, which was one of the most severe
ones, obviously being early days, that
was 94%. But it only lasted about four
months before the market recovered and
then ran pretty damn hard after that. So
the genesis cycle, we saw the 37 months
into the peak. Then the next cycle, we
saw 35 months. So these are basically
like your early adopters. Then we saw 35
months. Again, this is basically from
the low 2018 to the 2021 top. That was a
November high. And now we zoom in. We're
at our 35th month. So very similar to
the first, well, the last two cycles,
but the Genesis gives us 37 months. So
37 takes us out to December. So all of
these sorts of time frames are still in
play, at least in my opinion, obviously
in my books. And I'm potentially even
looking out into that first or so week
of January of 2026. We know there are
some highs that happened around those
dates, too. Here is Ethereum topping in
January of 2018. It still had a pretty
sizable move after Bitcoin topped. This
is where Bitcoin topped right on that
day there, 17th of December, 2017. And
then Ethereum basically ran from that
point for 25 days. You can add in a few
more days here for the lower high.
Basically four weeks from that point to
the top. still giving you another 100%
move before things started to roll over.
So I think there's still more time to go
here and I have got those time frames as
mentioned uh in this chart. Now the
other perfect timing I think that's
occurred here is we saw ETFs go bananas
on Monday. Look at Monday 1.2 billion
here and that is the second highest on
record. Last week was a significant
week. We saw a big inflow there. Talked
about that in uh yesterday's video as
well. It was the second highest. So, I
stand corrected. It was pretty
significant uh for that particular week,
but yesterday was the second highest
inflow days. And what we've seen around
those days where we see a lot of money
piling in is at least a local top. So,
it's essentially like the old title
suggests, it's repeating. It's happening
again. We've seen a big pullback from
there. And I say big uh considering
where things have come from. You know,
we saw 4% lower down. We've seen another
2.2%. So getting 2.67 at these higher
prices is pretty significant, especially
when you look at it in terms of a price
top to bottom. $5,600.
From that turning point on the swing
chart to that low, $5,400.
So still pretty big moves and especially
when you see it from highs. So that's
the ETFs also showing that there was
some time to slow down here. The
sentiment didn't hit extreme greed. So I
think that's still a good sign that it's
bouncing around in the greed. You can
see we're at 64 63 70s and then it's
dropped back down to 60. So if we did
see another say inside day for Bitcoin
uh where the price just remained in here
or maybe even a touch lower and then we
saw the sentiment drop into neutral or
lower greed. That's a good thing that we
get a little bit of a reset. Now, you
guys that have been following some time,
what we don't want to see as well is a
three day down. So, lower highs, lower
lows from the top. That would that would
suggest that we probably be down for a
little bit. If it happens, hopefully
that those are the slim probabilities
that that uh the signal fails at that
time. We've seen it many, many times
before where you get one, two, three
days down and then the markets basically
just takes so long to come back like it
did in December. there was three days
and you saw a tiny peak and then it
collapsed and then again in March uh of
2024 there was three-day down signal in
there and then it ran down for 5 months.
So ideally we don't get that. We'll know
in about two days time whether that
happens. Uh but nonetheless this is
where it sits. Signals are still looking
relatively good. And the last one here
for the sentiment is the FOMO finder
still sitting around balance right in
the dead middle here. So, no signs that
we've peaked in greed or FOMO and no
other panic or capitulation pretty much
right through the the middle here. So,
everything's looking good there. Now,
the altcoins and and Bitcoin space in
regards to the USDT dominance still
trading sideways here. So, we haven't
got the breakout that the extreme bull
market is looking for. When I say
extreme because we want to see some of
these like blowoff moves for Bitcoin and
any of that sort of alt season coming
back hasn't happened yet. I suspect
you'll get that below 3.7%.
Been saying this now for best part of a
year and and change going back to
December November. coming up to a year.
Let's say coming up to a year because we
looked at it as it broke down through
here. Needs to get through those lows so
that you get the liquidity flushing out
of stable coins and back into Bitcoin
and cryptos. Yes, they're printing more
stable coins that might be affecting the
dominance. So, there's more market cap
there and holding into the dominance,
but we've seen the dominance fall while
they're printing more stable coins.
Therefore, there is still I think
there's still an appetite for some risk
on here. basically throw out some of
that stable coin, start to trade it,
gamble it, risk it, whatever you want on
on the altcoins or Bitcoin. And that's
why we still see a drop here for USDT
dominance. Keep your alert set to this
low around 4.1%. That could be the first
trigger that we're going to test 3.7.
And when you combine the stable coins,
it also came back to that 7, six,
sevenyear support line, this white line
that we've got here on the chart that's
been sitting there for a while. sat on
that again and bounced. So, the timing
couldn't be any better. Back onto those
resistance levels. The other data that
we looked at when it came to Bitcoin is
just waiting for uh this this next sort
of minor reset. I think this little
rally and then hopefully a breakdown of
those lows. And the total crypto market
cap minus Bitcoin and ETH, so your
stable coins and altcoins also pulled
back from an all-time high. Still
sitting in a pretty reasonable position.
So we did have the the move up and then
of course the daily correction on that
your others chart. So now you're getting
more into the degenerate space has
continued to fall. This one is breaking
support. So not a great sign there for
all coins. You can see the breakdown of
7.7 7.8%. That's this white line here
after it tested 8.3. So it looked like
it was going to get running and then
failed again like it has done for many
many years. This is the multi-year bare
market on alts. But if you're able to
trade them long and short, well, you're
still going to be making some good
gains. That's what we talk about with
our members as well, like teaching how
to trade these markets. And you can use
this skill through stocks, through
anything else. You don't have to just be
tied to crypto, which is a good thing,
especially when cryptos get a little bit
quiet. So, congrats to the guys here.
500%, 140%, 800%
and long and short Bitcoin through that
move up and down. So, nice work there,
Grum. If you want to have check out
these uh results and some of the
reviews, link in the top of the video
description will give you a link to that
free Discord section that you can look
at all of this stuff here. Plus, you'll
get the the weekly reports that come
through. Now, we're also seeing an
uptick in the 7-day exchange volume
ticking up. Good signs for the bull
market that the traders are sticking
around. Hopefully, they're making
profits. Ideally, that's where you want
to be. You want to be on the side of the
profits, of course. And once we start to
see a breakout 74, 75, 76 billion on a
7-day moving average, that's uh probably
when you're going to start to see more
interest in altcoins uh coming back like
we saw in this big boom through
November. So, we're coming up now to 12
months ago was that time when we saw a
big boom. When that occurs, just take a
step back and have a look at the time
frames of how long it lasts. Here is the
breakout of these resistance levels here
roughly early November, first week of
November. It ran up for 10 days,
pullback, ran up again, still high
volume, but it's dropping off. Still
high volume, but it's dropping off. And
so, let's call it somewhere around a $50
billion area because we've seen some
some lows here. When it got to 50
billion, that was um February. So you're
going from November to February, that's
three months of some pretty, let's call
it, intense trading there, and then
things really died off. It basically
just went dead for months. So this isn't
just a one-time scenario here for
trading altcoins. It happens so often.
You can see December 2020, it ran up
here to May. So there's five months,
came back down. There's another month or
so. So still more trading, but the
market was falling in May and June to
those lows. And then things really went
quiet after that point. And looking at
the chart, it stays quiet more often
than it stays noisy. So if you are
looking to trade these things, don't get
swept up in the
often noisy space of altcoins. Stay
safe. Try to make those gains and hold
on to the gains. That's the the most
difficult part there. Ask any trader
trying to hold on to the gains after
you've made them. That's the difficult
part when it comes to trading and
investing. So time frames when things go
crazy, keep that in in mind for sure.
And that will also be a bit of an
indicator as to how long the altcoin
season will will last for. Now we also
saw the long short ratio squeeze get a
little bit closer again. So it was quite
wide yesterday. I believe it was around
3 to 4%. So something had to give and we
saw that the longs get liquidated to the
tune of half a billion dollars. Total
was 660 on the day. pretty significant
day yesterday with the longs getting
liquidated. Very heavy on the short
side, which is kind of unexpected
because the shorts were so heavy at that
point. Now the shorts have started to
wear off and we're seeing a closing of
that gap. So yeah, we've got the day
down. We got the liquidations and the
market sentiment is also resetting
there. Things are looking like they're
just churning through again. Timing to
the end of the cycle. Micro Strategy has
been a fantastic stock to watch like we
saw with the last cycle peaked before
Bitcoin peaked. There's November when
Bitcoin peaked in 2021. April was also
that $65,000 high before Bitcoin
collapsed. And February was when things
were going nuts. Micro Strategy peaks,
comes down, lower high, equal high, and
then collapses. This cycle peaks well
early. That was November. That was one
of the uh the most exciting times for
for altcoins. November 24 comes down all
through here. I've marked out all the
Bitcoin all-time highs while Micro
Strategy has failed to put in new
all-time highs. Now, in terms of timing
to the end of the cycle, we've exceeded
what happened last time for Micro
Strategy. Top to to the lower high was
nine months. 273 days, basically nine
months. that time frame came to fruition
in August. So about six or so weeks ago,
but even still the uh the the tops have
continued to get lower and we continue
to fail here, which is not a great thing
for for the cycle overall, meaning there
may not be as much time left. Ideally,
if Bitcoin begins to rise, will we also
see Micro Strategy Rise? But at this
stage, the probabilities would favor
lower highs here. So if we take a look
at the time frame to where it's already
topped, it actually topped in less time,
a lower high in less time than it did in
the prior cycle. Feb to November, 273
days. From this high to this lower high
was 235 days. You can see when I take
all the lines off, that's 235 days. So I
think even though we're looking at say
you know October quarter 4 maybe even
that first week of January uh the micro
strategy trade here continues to to
fail. What we need to turn around is we
need to see closes above $360. So when I
take the lines off you can start to see
that nice clear run there. The bottoms
it broke down and just two days ago it
tested it and failed again. So, if Micro
Strategy can close above 360, then we've
got that extra time to I think I don't
want to say extend the cycle because
that's what people are using and it gets
a little bit confusing, but uh maybe it
carries on a little bit longer than
prior cycles, but you still see a 4-year
low to low like prior cycles. So that
that bare market may not be as long
which then leans in to a uh left
translated cycle forming in 2026 or
2027. So just briefly what that would
look like. We see a top and then we see
a a fall and then we start to see a
recovery here. Now it could go to an
lower high or a higher high. It doesn't
matter. The point of it is that the top
for the next four years uh is probably
going to occur in the left side of the
next four years cycle. So I haven't
drawn this exactly to to t or anything
like that. Maybe it looks like that that
and then that and then it basically
fades out for that period as well. Of
course there's going to be little bumps
along the way but you pro possibly not
going to see any sort of significant
rallies. That's just one idea I've got
in mind and I think we'll know more come
2026 2027 with this particular top here
and the pullback. Does does the pullback
come in at a higher low and start to
trend higher off the back of all the
fear going on in the world with the
dollar collapsing and
uh you know the economy collapsing and
money printing going on and of course
gold going higher and all that sort of
stuff. Does that happen and Bitcoin get
to rocket through that period as well?
We'll have to wait and see. It's just
too many years away and I can't forecast
that far when it comes to uh Bitcoin
being through its first
uh real estate cycle as well. So far
things are on track for it. As I said,
the US dollar has continued to fail
longer term here. Continues to to wind
lower even though in the short term
we've been expecting a rally here up to
around 100 to about 103. So, anywhere in
this zone here, short-term rallies and
then eventually continuing that decline
lower, that's going to be also strong
for assets like, you know, Bitcoin and
gold. And we're also seeing Bitcoin and
gold rise while the dollar has been
rising as well. Making sure I get my
words right there. You can see the
dollar's come up from September. So, the
last two weeks has been rising. Of
course, Bitcoin has come back over the
last 8, 10, 11 days. And gold has been
putting in new all-time high prices
through that rally as well. So
potentially once the dollar starts to
pause again and maybe decline longer
term that could even put more fuel onto
the fire here for the assets. Now with
gold rising so much 51% so far year to
date 2025 this is second only to 1979.
Now if you're unfamiliar with 1979 I
think this relates now to to Bitcoin as
well of course being the old narrative
of uh digital gold. 1979 you can see was
this period right here that ran into a
massive peak of 1980.
Look at that. There's January, February
and then the decline began from that.
Now I think at the time most would have
believed that gold could not have
collapsed. There was a lot going on
economically. I think the US was about
to default to Mexico somewhere through
here 1981 1982. Can you imagine that
now? Seems it seems impossible but this
is the thing. These were the things that
were going on at that time. And notice
gold how it kept going down for 20 just
over 20 years. So that's why I still
think there is a possibility of a
multi-year bare market for Bitcoin. It
hasn't done it yet. But just like gold
if it is going to turn into that
eventually you're going to see these
sort of things especially if all these
cycles are coming to a head in these
next few years or the cycles I just
mentioned there. Now Bitcoin's
composite cycle here. So, we're looking
at our predicted cycles on the indicator
suite 2020 2015. A quick update here for
you guys that are following along. If
you are, hit the like, subscribe to the
channel. Uh, if you're new, if this is
new to you, we're following the five and
the 10year cycle. It's nothing to do
with a Bitcoin 5year cycle or a or a
Bitcoin 10ear cycle. These this is based
on GAN's theory uh by watching repeating
cycles over 5, 10, 20 years. Now, of
course, we don't have 20 years of
history for Bitcoin, but we've used this
on stock markets before to a pretty good
degree here with with of accuracy
looking at the trend of the market
expected through these times. Now, this
is history that's used going back over
100 years, 120 odd years. And so, we
don't have any reason to to negate it
now. And so far, it's been working very
very well. This is for Bitcoin. five and
10 year cycles on the rise here for
October. And you can see the blue line
is the is the current price action
that's been it's been heading up for
October, breaking through these highs.
And the red line is the composite of
those five and the 10-year trends that
started to break through late in
October, whereas the blue line we
started to break through earlier in
October through those highs. Now,
another thing we can do with the lines
is line them up even more closely to the
pattern of the market. Here is the
pattern, the lows to the lows. And you
can see just how clean that trend has
been. And if we do line those lows up to
those significant points of a collapse
that we saw, for example, in March and
April when the tariff news came out,
that's the blue line here, and marry it
up to what's going on 5 to 10 years ago.
You can see that it's getting a little
bit closer to what actually happened
there. And if we have a look what
happens after that point, well,
November, December continues to rally.
That's your quarter 4 rise. But for the
stock market, it's not in a major uh
greed yet either, which is a good thing
for the rest of the quarter. Uh but we
have been anticipating a bit of a grind
here. So you can see the highs through
their fiveyear for S&P 500's 5year cycle
relatively good and at the moment it is
also grinding but grinding higher. So I
would say that this is a stronger
pattern to the upside. That's what we
have come to expect from the stock
markets, especially with the AI
narrative continuing to to take
headlines everywhere. Essentially, I've
I've said many times before, I think
this is a bit more on the side of the
old dot boom. We're breaking through the
logarithmic highs like it had done in
the past. Take this off. Just looking at
those months and it can last a lot
longer than what people expect. And
that's why I had this on here looking at
monthly swings. We're at six months in a
row without breaking the prior month's
low. This can go on a lot longer. Look
at even the last bull market before the
GFC. 7 months up and then eight months
up and then of course you're still
climbing higher, but we're just looking
at stretches where the market does not
break that previous low. That is a very
very strong trend. And into that com
boom, it happened four times. breakout
12 months without breaking a prior
month's low. Very strong. Some
consolidation that took one, two, three,
four, five, six. Broke out on the 7th.
We had seven months up. 6 months. Seven
months into that top. So very strong
trends can occur. S&P 500 performance
after October, alltime high since 1950.
Essentially, this is just showing the
probabilities that we're going to
continue to see a strong November,
December, quarter 4, and the year.
Basically, when things are so strong,
all-time highs in October, what happens
next? Well, we can see from the
percentage of times here, it is higher
71% of the time for October, 71% of the
time for November, 66% of the time for
December, 90% of the time for quarter 4,
and for the year, 100% of the time it
finishes in the black, essentially
profits. Okay, four or more new all-time
highs in October. Here are the averages,
medians, higher. The numbers speak for
themselves basically higher every single
time. And that of course suggests that
there is further to go for Bitcoin. More
strength in the background here. More
strength risk on more money probably
flowing in here. The caveat to that is
that Bitcoin typically tops before the
S&P 500, but we don't have any signs of
even the S&P 500 topping out just yet.
So stay tuned. Seasonal favor of a
strong Q4. more data points that's
showing that quarter 4 can be strong
especially after you see a strong move
in the beginning of October average S&P
quarter four path when Q3 is up Q3 was
up now we've got a greater or equal than
to 7.8% 8%. So we're just using a bit of
an arbitrary number here. The path to I
guess curve fit things. I think that's
what they're doing here. But
nonetheless, the the the line is what
I'm interested in. And it shows although
there is a correction here in October.
We've talked about corrections before.
October isn't always the easiest month
for the stock market. Eventually you
start to see those gains come through
for November and December. Okay, so
that's it. That's gold. We've looked at
all of these above. Silver also
continuing to hold up here at $48 an
ounce. Hopefully by now you can see with
this 18-year cycle, we are most
definitely in what we're calling here
the winner's curse phase. There is still
more to go through. Don't expect all the
altcoins to go crazy just because we're
in a winner's curse phase. I think
Bitcoin, ETH, and some of those other
majors basically where it's going to uh
play out for that longer period of time.
Yes, there's going to be altcoins that
pop off, of course, but we've seen a lot
of winners curse things going on here,
especially with these markets heading
into new all-time highs, new fresh
highs. Gold stock market, stock markets
around the globe, you know what, the top
50 in Europe hit a new all-time high for
the first time since 2000. So, 25 years
it took for it to get it. And you could
argue that yes, it is all the money
printing. Money printing in Europe.
Money printing in Japan. New all-time
high. Look at that blowing off. That's I
don't know what else you could say to
that. 30,000 to nearly 50,000 points.
Just blow off tops. Blowoff tops. Hang
in there. It's a volatile ride. And I'll
see you guys back in the next video.
Like and subscribe and the links for the
reports coming out today, plus Discord
as well. so you can get access to that.
Check it all out. Check out some of the
reviews. And I'll see you guys back here
at the next video. Thanks again.