Hi everyone, I hope you're doing well
and welcome back to the channel. So
today's video is all about how you spin
the ball out of the bunkers on that
greenside splash shot which you all want
to play. You don't necessarily always
need this shot, but I know a lot of you
really really want to have it in your
game. It's useful when of course you got
less green. And there's a few hints and
uh and tricks I'm going to go through
here that's uh going to help you play
this shot. So the first thing as you as
you know a lot from my coaching is about
you got to read the lie. And I'll go
through some lies where you're just not
going to get spin. So you need to have
what I call a spinner lie. A spinner lie
is something like this where you can see
there's no sand behind the ball. I know
I can get a nice clean entry into it and
I can really skip that sand under the
ball which pushes the sand under pushes
the ball up and creates the spin. I'm
using these tailor made pix balls. I
love using them to play, but
particularly I think for short game
practice, it really shows you the spin.
I'm trying to get these picks moving
really quickly here to get some action.
So, I'm gonna go for that middle pin.
There's a bit of green to work with, but
imagine I've got to carry it there. You
know, I've I've got to carry over some
rough to get it there. It's all about
trying to show you the spin here. So,
I've got the three releases.
This to create maximum spin. I want to
really release it. I'm going to come
down and really zip it at the bottom.
It's about striking that match as quick
as you can at the bottom to create the
sand speed um to that's going to give
you the spin required to uh stop that
ball nice and quickly. So, I'm going to
play that ball position a little bit
further back. I don't like to play the
ball too far forward if I'm trying to
create spin. I find it's quite difficult
in terms of getting a little bit less
sand, which is what you want to spin it.
The further I put it forward is if I
want to take a little bit more sand and
play more of that chunk and run type
bunker shot. Now, I don't want that
here. I want to create spin. So, I'm
going to play that ball around about two
balls inside my front heel. I'm going to
really do the same setup that I always
coach. Foot out of 45, knees this way,
pelvis is forward. One little change I
will make if I'm trying to spin it is I
will put a little bit of forward shaft
lean in. Why? because it helps me set
the club a bit earlier in the back swing
because I really want to get my wrist
working here. And then of course as I
come down I can really unload that even
quicker this way. So it's slightly kind
of modified version of my standard monk
shot because I'm trying to ramp up the
spin. So I've got my 60 as well. A
little bit more lofty if you've got it.
I know my 60 is for emergencies but
imagine I've got no green to work with.
It is an emergency. So I'm going to
choose my most lofty club. So, a little
bit of shaft lean down the grip into the
middle. Still square onto target. Hinge
it. We're down. I'm going to hold the
angle. And at the last second, I'm
really going to whip it through. Create
that release three late. Need lots of
speed here to create the spin.
You can see I've really whipped that
through. And there we go. That's not
bad, is it? First one. You can see I've
come down there and I've just gone here
and released. And it's that snap, that
strike at the bottom really works the
sand quickly. And that's how we create
that one hop and stop bunker shot. Let's
play another for you. So down the grip,
little bit of shaft lean, ball position
a little bit further back than normal.
Hinge it a bit earlier. Come down, hold
that angle, and last second we're
throwing the release. We're not doing it
really early, which we might do for a
standard shot.
See? Nice height. And there we go. Okay,
it's as easy as that. So, we just really
got to strike the sand. Now, as I say,
it is about reading the lie. We have to
read the lie because I see so many
people in the short game schools I'm I'm
I'm running and just golfers that I play
with generally where they're complaining
that they can't spin the ball and they
might have a lie that maybe looks a
little bit like this. Can you see how
here we have this clump of sand behind
the ball? That means I can't work that
sand under to create the height and the
spin. The sand is going over the ball,
which is going to create more of a
forward action. So, if I've got that lie
and I'm trying to spin the ball, it's
going to be very difficult for me to
achieve. Just going to show you here.
I'm going to change absolutely nothing.
Now, we'll show you how you can still
stop that a little bit quicker in a
second. But if I change nothing, if I
apply the same sort of normal bunker
shot technique,
you can see how that ball is landing.
You can see how it's running out and
running out. Nearly went in, but you can
see that's run out maybe
probably run out about 15 ft. I knew
that was going to run out 15 ft because
of the lion. When you really start
reflecting on your bunker shots and
learning from them, you can become
really good. And I actually can tell
from every lie I get exactly how much
that ball will run out. I know if I can
stop it on a sixpence. And I will also
know where it might run out six feet or
10 feet or 20 feet. So if I have a lie
like this,
I know that's going to run out about 25
ft. It's a 25 ft runout lie. Why?
There's so much sand behind the ball. I
just can't stop it. If I've got a pin at
the back of the green and I've got that
lie, I'm kind of really licking my lips.
I'm thinking that's great because that's
going to help me get the ball there.
Don't change anything. Let the lie push
the ball forward.
You can see how that's just rolling and
rolling and rolling. Okay, it's going
out there. Um, and very little spin on
the ball. So, understanding the lie
absolutely critical. That is
a spinner lie. Okay, I know some of you
say, "Well, I don't get lies like that."
Well, if you don't get lies like that,
it's very hard to spin the ball. Um, if
it sits down a bit, even a lie like
that, that might look okay.
Now, that's got a little bit of sand
behind the ball. Okay. So, from there,
what I would do, by the way, if I start
getting ridges behind it and I know I
can't spin it as much, what I've got to
try and do is stop it from land angle.
You know, you can stop a ball from spin
or or obviously the height it lands on
the green at. So, I'm trying to get a
little bit more height. So, if it starts
to sit down, I progressively start to
open up my alignment to the left, which
gets me a little bit more open, which
then encourages me to get steeper, which
squeezes the sand more under the ball,
which then pops it up. So,
left
up more, bit le bit bit less body turn,
and we get a little steeper into it, and
we sort of dig the heel in a little bit
more. or and then even from a lie like
that, you know, we've still got some
control there as it runs out to a couple
of feet from the hole. So, don't panic.
I mean, if you're not going to create
the the spin from the lie, you've got to
create it from the angle of attack. You
got to squeeze it under. Okay, but there
we go. Green light li spin a lie. Let's
see if we can hold one. Here we go.
Really zip it at the bottom. Let's
strike that match. Remember, ball back.
Little bit of shaft lean. Hinge. Hold
it. Really release it late. So, release
three.
Release three. But we do it late and we
strike speed through the ball.
Let me get that nice shot there. That
didn't spin quite as much. Reason being
I took a little bit more sand there so I
can reflect on that. I've got to get a
little bit nearer the ball this time.
There we go.
And that's how we create the spin. All
right. So that's all about how you work
the sand. Now, sometimes we get the
short shots as well, and people want to
create spin on these really short shots,
which I'll go through now. For example,
this pin on the left, it's only about
seven or eight yards away. So, let's
have a look at this one. So, yeah, tough
shot here. Not much green to work with.
This is where you need spin.
A certain amount of speed is going to
help you get the spin as I as I talked
about for that sort of mid-length bunker
shot. This is a shorter shot. I can't
quite get as much speed. So, I've got
what I need to do is adjust my setup
slightly, which is going to help me
still get some speed, but take away some
of the the length of the swing and some
of the some of the um power from the
swing itself and deliver it more
appropriately to the ball. So, I would
change a few things for this shot. I
would need to get further away. Most of
you stand too close to the ball anyway,
by the way, but I'm going to get even
further away. the shorter the bunker
shot becomes, the higher and higher I
need to hit it and the more spin I need
in terms of these shortsided ones, the
more I'm going to get away from the
ball. What that allows me to do is get
right down the grip. When I've got these
really short ones, I almost put my
trigger finger onto the steel. And I'm
right down here, wider and further away.
So, I'm really sitting down. The more I
sit down here, the more it enables my
hands to stay what I call in the box. So
my hands go here to here, here to here.
They're just staying here, which really
allows the club head to have the energy
and create that spinning shot. So super
low with my knees, really low with my
hands, opening the club face a little
bit more because the more you drop the
handle, the more the loft starts aiming
left. So the more we need to open the
club face up to point that loft at the
target. Remember the grooves make it
look really open, but the actual loft of
the club face if we had a rod on there
would be pointing at target still. So,
we're down here and you'll see a shorter
swing, but still a little bit of speed
and hopefully a little bit of spin.
You can see how that came out super
spinny.
Pop to the right a little bit. Work on
my aim. I'm going to carry this a little
bit further actually and take I can't
actually see uh see the slope there. So,
I'm going to carry this a little bit
further and take that break out of it.
Here we go. So, down low, a little bit
more speed this time.
See how much spin's on that ball. There
we go.
So, you can see little adaption. When
there is the shorter shot required down
a grip, further away, use more wrist.
Use a little bit less body turn. I'm see
if I can hit this past the pin here. I
wonder if I can use that slope to almost
bring it back. Let's see.
Oh, I can't quite spin it back. But you
can see how quickly that's stopping now.
Really zipping that right hand through
it. Loads of release three into it.
Come back. Not quite coming it back.
Greens are a little bit firmer, but you
can see the spin there. Super low.
And that's how you can create those
spinning shots when you have very little
green to work with. Now it is an even
tighter pin. Just there. Let's give that
one a go. So, this is exceptionally
tough. What have we got? It's down
slope. Really quick downs slope to the
hole and
maybe 7 ft max to the pin. So, in a
situation like this, I think the serious
part is try not to get too head about
stopping this quickly. Almost like
accept that sometimes a six foot pass
the pin is probably the best you can do.
But if you do plan a golf course where
you get lots of these really short
bunker shots,
same sort of idea in terms of what I
just showed you there, but even further,
really go for it. Now look, wide open
club face. Look how low I am now. Really
sitting down. Stand open for this is
going to help you then just work a
little bit of cut spin into this. So you
are really looking to bring it off the
off the left a little bit, but down the
grip super wide, super low. Really keep
the hands within your knees. Let's see
if we can pop one out. We do need the
lie. The lie is not too bad here.
Then that's about as good as I can play
it. There you go. You see that stop
probably was it about six, seven feet.
Pretty good. Let's see if we can get a
little straight up
down super low. Almost sit down.
Oh, I got a bit too cute there. That's
the gamble you play.
Look like it just caught the rough.
Let's try again. Super down.
There you go. That's a good left player.
Does it reappear? There we go. So, you
can spin on the ball there was
absolutely crazy. The picks on the tail.
My balls go super fast. But you can see
how exaggerated I'm right down here. I
mean, I'm way down onto the steel now.
Allows me to really open the face.
Getting Oh, it would have gone if I took
the pin out. But you can see that's so
so tough. But you see how exaggerated I
got down there. And that's how you play
those shots and that's how you create
spin. But remember, there are times when
you want spin and there are times when
you don't want spin. If you're going to
the back of the green, we don't really
want the spin. So, you can use less
loft, work the sand more forward. But to
create the spin, what you've really
learned today is how you work the sand
under the ball with a ton of release.
Okay? And really lean it a little
forward and zip it through at the
bottom. Keep your chest moving. It is
important to keep your chest moving
through as well. You do need to really
keep it moving through the ball as well.
Put it into that holster. Now, little
bit of fun just to finish with
to really learn this shot, this spinning
shot. You have to try and make life
difficult for yourself. Train harder
than you play. So, this is my longest
iron in my bag is a five iron. Okay,
I've got hybrids these days to really
help me with the long game. See used to
do this with his three iron and it would
have been a stronger three iron back
then. And the reason he was such a great
bunker player is he spent a lot of time
practicing his bunker shots with a three
iron, a really strong lofted club. Now,
if you think about it from a from a
technical perspective, if you've got a
really strong lofted club, okay, and
you're trying to hit it high and out of
a bunker, well, what have you got to do?
Well, you really need to make sure that
you're opening that club face up. So,
how do you do it? Well, you got to
really lay it this way and then take the
grip, but also to try and get it lower
down here to point the loft more up. So,
what have I got to do? Well, I've got to
get super low. I've got to almost get
down here, almost try and put my knee
into the sand. That really puts as much
cupping and extension in this lead wrist
as I possibly can. And then hopefully
allows me to to get a feel. It's an
exaggerated feel, but golf is all about
feels. And if you have a practice drill
like this and you can get your longest
iron out the bunker, I promise you it
will pract it will really really benefit
um your your standard splash shot. So
down the grip way open. I used to get a
bit be able to get a bit lower than
this. Not these days. Right down there.
Okay. And let's see if we can hit the
fire out with some spin.
There we go. So nice bit of height.
Okay. I'm not going to stop it by the
pin. I'm not trying to here. I'm just
showing you the practice drill, but wide
open club face.
Okay, right down here. This is a five
iron
and we can still get it out absolutely
fine. Okay, and get that shot. I'm going
to really try and spin one. That wasn't
too bad, but let's see if we can really
spin it. Here we go.
There we go. Look at that.
So, really cup the rest a bit more. Put
a bit more loft on. So, that was the
five iron. Loads of spin with the five
iron. If I can do it with a five, I can
definitely do it with the sandwich. So
hopefully that's going to help your
ability to spin those bunker shots, but
more importantly, understand how the lie
affects the shot and how you can hit
those shorter ones if required. And
hopefully enjoy the short game even
more. All the best and I'll see you next