As regular viewers will know, Israel is
not one of my issues. It's not a country
I've been to, and until recently, not
one I've commented on. When the
terrorist attack happened on October the
7th, 2023, my reaction was a combination
of horror and, strange as it may sound,
curiosity. Whenever something happens in
the world that I do not understand, my
instinct is to try to learn as much as I
can before forming an opinion. That's
why I said little for a year after
October 7th. Instead, engaging with
people on all sides of the argument. On
trigonometry, we interviewed pro-Israel
voices like Ben Shapiro, Natasha House,
and eventually Benjamin Netanyahu
himself, as well as those on the other
side like Norman Finkelstein, Basam
Ysef, and Ahmed Floyd al-Katib.
Eventually, having listened to the
different arguments, I published what
became my most viral article and video
on the first anniversary of October the
7th entitled Why I'm Off the Fence About
Israel's War. In it, I attempted to
logically analyze the arguments and
reach a conclusion. In short, my view
was and remains that many of the
anti-Israel arguments are at best driven
by emotions which are understandable but
irreconcilable with the facts and at
worst deliberate manipulations designed
to weaponize our natural horror at
seeing the realities of war. Now, as the
second anniversary of October the 7th
approaches, we're witnessing a
spectacular cascade of events that
reveal the unvarnished truth of this
entire debate. And no, I'm not talking
about President Trump's 21point Gaza
peace plan. I'm talking about the
reaction to it, which reveals what this
is actually about. The Trump plan is a
road map to peace which delivers every
single anti-war and pro peace objective.
an immediate end to the war. Israeli
withdrawal, the release of over 2,000
Palestinian detainees in exchange for
just 20 remaining living Israeli
hostages, delivery of aid, reopening of
the Rafa crossing with Egypt, a
non-Israeli, non-Hamas administration of
Gaza, an economic development package, a
commitment against the displacement of
Palestinians, no annexation, no
occupation, and US mediated talks
between Israel and the Palestinians to
achieve a quote peaceful and prosperous
coexistence. To my complete lack of
surprise, however, many of the most
prominent campaigners against genocide,
who have graced our airwaves for the
last two years, have either stayed
silent or openly called for her mass to
reject the deal. Crystal B of Breaking
Points, who once published an
extraordinary critique of our interview
with Netanyahu, which she began by
admitting she hadn't actually watched
it, spent 20 minutes on her show
insinuating that her mass should not
take the deal. Her social media is a
continuous stream of virtue signaling
with no mention of the fact that if you
want to stop the genocide, an offer to
do so is on the table. Candace Owens,
another peace enthusiast, hasn't even
bothered to comment on President Trump's
peace proposal at all. She's too busy
making money from Charlie Kirk's murder
by conducting her own investigation into
his assassination from the comfort of
her own studio. Hint: Jews are involved.
Here in Britain, Owen Jones has not only
failed to urge Hamas to accept the deal,
but on the contrary has shared tweets
and videos portraying it as
unacceptable, effectively suggesting
that it should be rejected. Meanwhile,
Jeremy Corbyn dismissed the deal as yet
another colonial endeavor. It's
important to say I don't believe it's in
Hamas interest to accept the Trump peace
plan. After all, it requires them to
disarm and relinquish any role in the
future governance of Gaza. Hamas is
perfectly entitled to reject a deal it
dislikes. In exactly the same way,
Ukraine won't accept peace terms with
Russia that it feels would damage its
long-term interests. But Hamas's ability
and willingness to reject the deal is a
clear indicator of what the conflict in
Gaza actually is. Far from being
genocide, it's a war. A war that Hamas
started and is losing very badly. You
cannot simultaneously cling to a bunch
of war goals in order to retain power
and continue terrorism and at the same
time claim to be a poor hapless victim
of genocide. The Tootszie in Rwanda,
Armenians in the Ottoman Empire, Jews in
the Warsaw ghetto were not slaughtered
because they were offered peace terms
they then rejected. They were killed for
being tootssis. Armenians and Jews.
That's what genocide actually means. One
of the oldest tricks used by liars
throughout the ages is what I call slide
of mouth, where definitions are
stretched beyond their remit to get
people to believe lies. This is a
powerful technique because if I can get
you to misapply the term genocide to the
conflict in Gaza, I can get you to stop
seeing it as a battle between two
belligerents and instead treat Israel as
the criminal and Hamas as the victim.
What the last few days have shown is
that the overwhelming majority of those
demanding an end to the so-called
genocide in Gaza do not believe it is
one themselves, as demonstrated by their
unwillingness to pressure Hamas to
accept a deal that would end it. This is
a war. Their side is losing and they're
using the suffering of Palestinian
civilians, human shields placed in
harm's way by Hamas to generate clicks,
likes, and views. If you enjoy my
videos, you should know that they're
available on my Substack as articles
days, weeks, sometimes even months ahead
of time. So head on over to
constantkitchen.com
right now and subscribe.
[Music]