that individuals who live within one mile 
of a golf course had a 126% increased risk
of developing Parkinson's disease compared to 
individuals who lived six or more miles apart.
There's a tremendous amount of toxins sprayed to 
keep those golf courses looking so great. Is it a
risk for people? Should they be worried? Should 
they stop golfing? What do they do to protect
themselves? For sure, don't lick your golf balls, 
which I know people do to clean them. Tell us like
if you're a golfer, WTF. So, uh, Dr. Brittney 
Kryinowski is a geographer. She's at the Baron
Neurological Institute and she worked with her 
colleague Dr. Rodof Sevika, one of our colleagues
at Parkinson Specialist, the Mayo Clinic in 
Rochester, Minnesota. And she was concerned about
the effects of living near a golf course because 
golf courses use huge amounts of pest. A lot of
people live on these golf course communities. And 
a lot of people live on these golf courses. So
she looked at Rochester, Minnesota, which does a 
very good job of measuring new cases of Parkinson
disease. And she found that individuals who 
lived within one mile of a golf course had a 126%
increased risk of developing Parkinson's disease 
compared to individuals who lived six or more
miles apart. Oh my. So why uh and so she spends 
a lot of time in her paper uh discussing water
supply. And so we've talked a little bit about how 
pesticides can get into the water. For example,
people who drink well water uh not really by the 
Safe Drinking Water Act, prone to contamination
from nearby farms and rural areas into the 
ground. Yeah. Have a higher risk of developing
uh Parkinson disease. So, she's focused on that. 
I worry a little bit about uh the pesticides that
are sprayed into the air. There was a small little 
report in the analysts of neurology that uh two
neurologists found that 18 of their patients 
lived near a golf course and 15 of the 18 live
downwind of the golf course. So I worry about 
pesticides being sprayed on golf courses or on
fields and people uh living downwind and inhaling 
them. We talked about how many individuals,
most individuals perhaps Parkinson begins in the 
nose. So I worry about nerve toxins being inhaled
uh and through the nose. So what to do? Um one 
well pickle ball pickle ball you know why can't
we ask golf courses pickle ball is one of the 
most dangerous sports so many people who are out
of shape. Listen that's a whole another discussion 
are filling the emergency rooms with pickle ball.
I have a whole pickle ball for Parkinson talk 
so we can talk about to keep people safe on the
pick. Back to the golf back to the golf. So uh 
ask the golf course what pesticides they use.
See if they can use less toxic pesticides. 
Right. Can they use less? Can they tell you
when they're spraying? Right? So, you can take 
interventions, especially if you have Parkinson's,
maybe, you know, get out of town when they're 
spraying. You can close your windows. You can
get an air purifier. These are all things like an 
air conditioned golf cart. Well, you don't drink
the water from the court. And it's and it turns 
out not just living near uh a golf course has
been increased risk. Three different studies have 
found green space workers, including landscapers,
to be at higher risk for Parkinson disease. And 
one study uh found that green space workers are
higher risk for ALS or blue Garrick's disease. 
So there are lots of clues as what's causing
these brain diseases whether it's Parkinson's, 
Alzheimer's or ALS. Lots of clues telling us this
is a preventable disease and lots of clues saying 
that if we pay attention to our environment like
Rachel Carson said we should. But realistically 
like right can can people really like reduce their
exposure if they're out on a golf course for 18 
holes and like like isn't it just in there they're
going to be walking on it's on their shoes. It's 
on their clothes. It's like I'm like you. I'm not
a golfer but I can't imagine that golf courses 
couldn't be using 50% less pesticides. There are
organic golf courses in Martha's Vineyard. They 
have organic golf courses. If we have organic
wine, we have organic produce. We have organic 
cheese and uh dairy products and meats. Why would
can't we have organic golf courses? Why can't we 
enjoy a nice sport without having to worry about
getting maybe get President Trump on this regen? 
But practically speaking, you you have a right
to know. So ask the course when do they spray 
the pesticides, right? Maybe you don't want to
play right after they've sprayed the pesticides. 
Watch the water that's there. Get a carbon filter.
Maybe bring your own water. And when you're 
smoking, for those of you that smoke, I'm
not saying you should smoke. When you smoke your 
stogy and your cigar, don't put it on the ground
like while you're you're you're going to hit the 
ball and then pick it right back up because you're
going to put pesticide in your mouth. Oh, thank 
you. Thank you. That was a good answer to a hard
question which still feels like a bit scary to 
think about golfing. But anyway, for those of you
golfers out there, just take care of yourself. Get 
your liver working and uh reduce as much exposures
as you can. If you loved that last video, you're 
going to love the next one. Check it out here.