Clearly, as Trump admitted in front of
everyone today, she loves Israel more
than the United States. So why are you
here? Other than to uh you know
facilitate bribe transfer yeah of money
in the form of bribes uh from a foreign
government to our politicians and then
the transfer of US taxpayer money from
our country to Israel. These people are
traders to the country. I kept my
promise and officially recognized the
capital of Israel and moved the American
embassy to Jerusalem. Isn't that right,
Miriam?
Look at Miriam. She's back there. Stand
up. Stand up. Miriam and Sheldon would
come into the office. They'd call me.
They'd call me. I I think I think they
had more trips to the White House than
anybody else I could think of. Look at
her sitting there so innocently.
She's got 60 billion in the bank. 60
billion. She loves this country. Her and
her husband are so incredible. We miss
him so dearly. But I actually asked her,
I'm going to get her in trouble with
this, but I actually asked her once. I
said, "So, Miriam, I know you love
Israel. What do you love more, the
United States or Israel?" She refused to
answer. That means that might mean
Israel, I must say.
In that case, her citizenship should be
revoked and she should be deported to
Israel where she belongs. Now, President
Donald Trump thanked his masters uh
while visiting Israel today. Miriam
Adlesen being one of them. For those
wondering who she is, she is the woman
who bribed him with hund00 million in
the last election cycle in order to
essentially get the president to allow
Israel to annex the West Bank, which
they're currently in the process of
doing. Uh, at least Trump understands
how things work in the American
political system. He knows where the
bread gets buttered. And in fact, he
knew all the way dating back to October
of 2015 when he tweeted this. Sheldon
Adlesen, Mariam Medson's husband, is
looking to give big dollars to Marco
Rubio because he feels he can mold Rubio
into his perfect little puppet. I agree.
Well, today that puppet is President
Donald Trump. Jenk, over to you. So, uh,
Sheldon and Mary Mson over three
election cycles have given Donald Trump
more than $337 million
in legalized bribes. So, the Supreme
Court says, "No, they're just campaign
contributions and independent
expenditures." By the way, that does not
include dark money. That just includes
the money we know of. That is a massive
amount of money. Everyone that has two
brain cells to rub together says, "Well,
that's obviously bribery." The Mary
Melson and Sheldon giving money to Trump
and then Trump does whatever they want.
In fact, Trump brags about doing
whatever they want. That is not the
first time that he has mentioned that he
moved the embassy on behalf of the
Adles. He has said it publicly before
because one of the reasons they gave him
that bribe, but there were many reasons.
I actually outlined it in my book,
Justice Coming. uh it is incredibly well
sourced uh and has been checked over and
over again. So one of the reasons was
they wanted him to move the embassy and
now in the last election cycle by the
way one of the demands that Miriam had
was uh also to allow uh America to let
Israel annex the West Bank. There is no
Hamas in the West Bank but it has
nothing to do with Hamas. It has nothing
to do with self-defense. Miriam Adlesen
and Sheldon Adlesen are uh Zionist
zealots who believe in greater Israel.
So their mission is to have America
finance the theft of Palestinian land
>> and and of course the genocide and
ethnic cleansing that comes along with
it. And so and now Trump is bragging
about it. And in some of those pictures
that were next to me, you just saw Trump
putting a medal on her. What What is
that about? Well, after Sheldon, her
late husband, gave $200 million in the
last two uh cycles, 2020 and 2020, I'm
sorry, 2016 and 2020,
>> uh he gave Miriam Adlesen a Presidential
Medal of Freedom.
>> She looks like a villain. It's amazing.
>> So, look, Presidential Medal of Freedom
used to be the highest honor in America.
Now it's a chachki you throw in if you
get enough and and you get these Ginsu
knives. You get the West Bank. You get
to slaughter the everybody in the Gaza
Strip. You get to steal all their lands
and set up greater Israel. And if you
act now and give me $337 million, I'll
throw Kinsu knives and a Presidential
Medal of Freedom in for you. And then
I'll say it publicly in front of
everyone. Oh, by the way, there's
Miriam, the person who betrayed America
and couldn't answer the simplest
question. What are you more loyal to,
America or Israel? That's the easiest
question in the world. America is the
correct answer because we came here to
be Americans.
But she couldn't answer that question.
Why? Because everybody knows. You come
here, you become a citizen here. She's
also an Israeli citizen. You become a
citizen here so you could funnel Israeli
money into American politicians legally.
And then when people tell you, hey, it
looks like your pack says it's done on
behalf of Israel, a foreign government.
You go, how dare you? That is
anti-semitic dual loyalty trope. How
dare you? These are
>> It's true. It's literally true. It is
literally true. She's a good little foot
soldier for a foreign government. And
clearly, as Trump admitted in front of
everyone today, she loves Israel more
than the United States. So why are you
here? other than to uh you know
facilitate bribe our politician the
transfer yeah of money in the form of
bribes uh from a foreign government to
our politicians and then the transfer of
US taxpayer money from our country to
Israel so they can commit their
atrocities and engage in empire building
anyway. So that's what's going on. It's
just so utterly loathome and disgusting.
But that is what we're dealing with
here. the fact that he talked about that
as if it's something to joke about,
something to laugh about, something to
have a good time about. These people are
traitors to the country. Okay, they are.
>> So, look guys, the Supreme Court
legalized those bribes, but they're
still bribes. It's not like Mary Men's
and Sheldon gave him $337 million so
that he could do good in the world or
cure cancer or some other reason. No,
they very explicitly gave it to him to
help a foreign government. steal
>> and Trump says it all the time. So the
like every person with comments says 99%
of us see yes this is obviously on
behalf of Israel. Then Trump says yes I
took the donor money and then I sold
American foreign policy to that donor.
He says it right in front of everyone.
The only people left not acknowledging
it are the reporters in mainstream
media. Even though he Trump says it
himself. Trump says it himself and
they're like, "Nope, nope, nope, nope.
Let's hide the donor class. Let's hide
the Israeli supporters here in America
and let's if anybody criticize them,
anti-semite,
ruin their lives." So, what are you
guys? You're not news. You're Israeli.
You're pathetic Israeli propagandists.
Everyone in mainstream media, every time
you ring the bell below, an angel gets
it wings. Totally not true, but it does
keep you updated on our live shows.