Ladies and gentlemen, it is Tall the
Traveling Clatt, your favorite Zionizer,
white colonizing prince uh from the land
of Israel that was promised to me 3,000
years ago. You can get the merch in the
description below at the
travelingcl.com. Today it we're going to
be discussing if it was a great idea to
do a ceasefire and to just leave Gaza to
the Gazin people once again. As we know,
the Gazin people, they have such an
incredible track record of peace and
love and tranquility when left to their
own devices. Let's see now that
Palestine is free and the genocide has
officially ended. Let's see how well the
Palestinians are fairing by their own
accord in Ros. Ladies and gentlemen,
welcome
actually in Palestinian they say
to Gaza post genocide. Dr. Azimi alawed
a Palestinian terrorist who was released
from Israeli prison. Even if they kill
me now, we will return to Israel.
I believe him when he says it, too. I
really do believe him when he says it.
He says this is just the beginning, not
the end. I believe him. I tend to
believe terrorists when they say that
they intend on continuing to kill Jewish
people and they intend on bringing on
the end of the state. Now, that's the
difference between me and you. Not you,
but you. You know what I'm saying? The
difference between me and you is that
when they say it, you take it as a uh
they're just some stupid brown people.
You know, they don't know any better.
Maybe I can educate them. I take it as
this is my enemy. He wants to kill me
and I need to do something about it.
That's it. There's nothing There's
nothing else to say. There's nothing
else to do. Unfortunately, we live in a
hugabooga land. We have to play by
hugabooga rules. The longer you decide
you don't want to play hugabooga rules,
the longer you will suffer. Once you
start playing hugabooga, things become a
little bit easier. Hamas atrocities.
Let's see. This clip is from
>> Oh, I hear the translations up here. Do
you see my son? He will come to you
again like on the 7th of October. a
Palestinian prisoner and his son who
were just released from Israel uh
promised that they will come back to
kill more Israelis like on October 7th.
Amazing.
Fantastic. Fantastic. Look at the the
[ __ ] ass father got to sit in a prison
while his son endured bombing. Unless
his son was also in prison, I don't
know, while his son endured bombing for
two years on on his city. And then he
gets to come as come back from his [ __ ]
ass vacation in Israel, from his prison
vacation into a destroyed Gaza Strip and
say, "You know what? Let's double down.
I sacrificed my son to thee. I didn't
have to deal with the consequences of my
actions. But you know what? Now that I'm
here, [ __ ] it. I'll sacrifice my son to
thee. That's the Palestinian people in a
nutshell. It's not accountability. It's
not coming on and saying, "Hey, you know
what? We may have [ __ ] up on this one.
This might have been a bad idea.
I'll look for a more peaceful future for
this young kid of mine." No, no, no, no,
no. I sacrifice my son. Here it is. Take
him.
Okay, let's see. Palestinian man spent
20 years in Israeli prisons. He did for
blowing up a bus and killing seven kids.
You forgot that, man.
I'm sorry, but ladies and gentlemen,
look how many [ __ ] people are around
sharing this moment of a person who
bombed a bus and killed seven children.
I I keep saying to you guys over and
over again, yes, Hamas is a terrorist
group, but the Palestinian people love
Hamas. There's a reason why they're so
popular. Sorry, I don't know. Did you
notice all the women in hijabs around
taking pictures of the of the magical
reuniting moment of the bus bomber?
Guys, let's get it together for a second
here. Okay, these people don't want
peace. We've tried peace. They don't not
interested in peace.
Let's see a little analysis here from
I24.
>> Innocent Israeli civilians brought home.
Hundreds of convicted Palestinian
terrorists were released from Israeli
prisons. 1,968
Palestinian prisoners left on buses
headed for the West Bank in Gaza,
including 250 security prisoners serving
one or more lifetimes for deadly attacks
on Israelis. One of the Palestinians
released is Yad Hassan Hussein Fatafa
who brutally attacked Tal Hartub and her
friend Christine Lucin with a machete in
2010 killing Christine and stabbing Tal
18 times until Tal played dead to save
her own life. We are joined now by that
survivor Tal Hartu. And Tal, before we
even get into the news of this week, I
want you to take me back first to the
attack 15 years ago. you were going for
a nice Saturday nature outing near
Jerusalem with your friend Christine.
Walk me through what happened.
>> Okay, I'll do this part briefly because
it's just uh it it gets harder and
harder in the last few days to recount
it. Um, but yes, I was working as a tour
guide and uh taking my friend, an
American Christian, on the Israel on
the, how do you say it, national trail
and we were pounced on from behind by
two Palestinian terrorists and they held
us at machete point for half an hour.
Then they tied our hands up behind our
back and they gagged us, put us on our
knees, said the Alawakaba
and they started
bludging on us with these machetes and
I'm on my side laying on the ground and
there, you know, he's just plunging this
thing into me and I can hear my bones
crunch and the only thing I knew to do
was to play dead and I made a very
difficult choice to save my life. I kept
my eyes open as if to be dead and I
watched my friend chopped up before me
like a cucumber and after like you said
18 stabs stabs it's like such an
understatement but uh they left and
somehow I just wanted to
get up and die nearer where I parked the
car so the police could find my body and
I after a great struggle I managed to
stand and gag bound barefoot But I walk
over a mile and I I had 18 machete
wounds, over 30 broken bones, snapped
ribs, uh crushed sternum, collapsed
lung, dislocated shoulder, splinters in
my lungs, and a sliced diaphragm. And
due to me nicking one very lightly with
a pen knife, his blood was on my sleeve.
And the the um police apprehended them.
And when I was in the court, when I was
in the court case with them 11 months
later,
I remember the judge, he looked at them
and he said, "But why did you murder an
American Christian?" And they sniggered
and they, you know, like two little boys
and they said, "Oh, we thought she was
Jewish." And they were sentenced.
Um, and one of these savages is
released. Now,
>> Tal, as as difficult as it is to even
hear the details of this, I can only
imagine how difficult it is for you to
share these details, especially given
the news of this week, what did you
think, what went through your mind when
you found out that your terrorist was
being released? How did you even find
out in the first place?
>> Well, thank you for asking me that
because I'm in great I am in a lot of
pain emotionally about this. I was just
watching your previous article. It was
very beautiful about the hostages coming
home and one of the parents said our
hearts our broken hearts are whole again
and I thought that's that's so
interesting because my heart's broken
again
>> and uh and how I found out I found out
on Google I mean I know you have a very
wide viewership and I can be a very
forgiving person for small things but I
I haven't nobody told me I haven't had
one phone call from one government
official
And I find that really outrageous and
very hurtful and it would really
alleviate my pain if if somebody could
just give me a call. And of course what
was incurred in that when I found out by
myself
was of course I just assumed that the
Americans or somebody had told my
friend's parents, you know, she's an
American. And Christine's identical twin
sister. She texted me when she saw my
social media that they were out. She had
no idea. And that meant also her parents
had no idea. So it's, you know, it's
messy generally the whole deal. But for
someone like myself and Christine's
family, it's been extra painful. Tal,
what message then do you believe that
this release sends to future terrorists
and also to families of terror victims
like yours and like Christine's?
>> Look, we're all Israelis, right? So, and
we have a very much more complex way of
life here. And it's not linear. It's we
live in tension,
uh, philosophical tension. So even from
the Bible when it says there's a time
for joy and a time to weep that's this
time it's we are weeping and in joy at
the same time. So we have to manage that
tension. So what message does it send? I
mean we have to understand because the
terrorists say themselves right that
they are going to murder again. So the
same people who were happy about the
hostages coming home and I'm I'm there.
I was crying. I was so happy. But we
have to be real realistic about this and
understand that some of us who are
celebrating will be murdered by these
terrorists. I don't believe we should
negotiate with terrorists ever. And I
found myself wondering how on earth have
we got to this situation? We fought a
very very bloody hard war and we get to
the end and now we're like, "Oh, we're
gonna release the terrorists." Now, I
don't actually think that's the blame is
on our prime minister or President
Trump. What where I do lay the blame is
the Western governments and the Western
media. And I'll tell you why. If you
remember on October the 7th, there was
so much solidarity and they were
projecting Israeli flags on civic
buildings throughout Europe and
Australia and Canada. And that's what we
call a window of time in Israel. Um,
basically people love dead Jews and it
get very sentimental when Jews have been
murdered. But that window of time was
closed pretty much a few days later. And
what the what the media did, and I mean
like the far-left Hamas mouthpiece BBC
and the far-left Sky News and the
far-left CNN, and we should call them by
that, is that they began to interview
and platform the other side, this
whataboutism,
and then they took their information
only from Hamas when people are killed
in Gaza.
>> And uh so they were propagating lies.
They had this moral abandonment of
Israel which was an extremely righteous
war. You know what they did? What these
savages did on October the 7th? They
crossed they trampled on like a divine
la line drawn in the sand. And the
government's the government policy is
outrageous. Just outrageous. Ambiguy
free Palestine allowing for marches and
then ultimately a barbaric declaration
of the state of Palestine. And I blame
the media.
>> Thank you so much. I'm so sorry we have
to go out for a break, but
>> I am uh I'm disgusted. I didn't know the
story of Tal. And if somehow Tal was
sent this video or is watching this
right now,
my heart really does go out to you.
That's [ __ ] horrible. I have a friend
um Jonathan Carton. I don't know, maybe
some of you guys are familiar with him
online. He's a really fantastic guy um
who just hosts a lot of Jewish uh events
in his home and he's just a really
really great guy. He's not like a social
media influence or anything like this.
He's just a good guy who a lot of people
know and his uncle was murdered by a
Palestinian terrorist who was up for
release. I don't I don't know what
happened in the end if his uncle's
killer ended up getting released or not,
but uh we were sort of all in the social
media space trying to advocate against
it. I did not know about T story and you
have to assume when you're making deals
with Hamas. You were leasing people who
did such horrible things like that. It
just I would love for the Candace Owens
of the world, the Tucker Carlson's of
the world to acknowledge the fact that a
Christian American woman who was coming
to visit the Holy Land, the land of
Jesus to come learn about her Messiah,
about her God was hacked to death by pal
by the innocent Palestinians. And her
killer is now being released because of
them. The blood of Christina, the friend
of Tal, that Christian's blood, that
that holy Christian's blood from America
who is visiting here, the one that you
guys pretend to fight so hard for, her
blood is now on your hands to the Tucker
Carlson's and the Candace Owens of the
world, to the Nick Fuentes, the ones who
keep pretending that Israel is the enemy
of Christians. that Palestinian who
murdered that Christina, that Christian,
her blood is now been transferred from
that Palestinian man to your hands
because you made that happen. You made
that happen. No ifands or buts. That's
on you now. You live with that. And when
he goes out again and he kills either a
Jew or a Christian Palestinian, because
Christian Palestinians are just as
oppressed as the Jews in this land by
[ __ ] Palestinians. when he goes out
and murders again, that blood's all over
you. All over. That's your blood now.
And you have to do something about it.
And if you don't, you're a [ __ ]
hypocrite. And I'll call you out for it.
I'll make sure to call you out for it. I
mean, I think Tall's story needs to be
reiterated more. Specifically, Christina
getting murdered like that. Uh, as an
American Christian, it's the most it's
it's literally the most hypocritical
thing in the world. Um, let's see here.
We got more Palestinians celebrating
their their winning of the genocide.
What? iPhones.
Ice cream.
What?
Supermarkets.
What?
I really can't believe it. It's almost
like we were lied to.
Is it possible that we were lied to?
That we were that we were duped into
thinking there was a genocide going
going on?
Is it possible that we were lied to?
They were we were told they were living
in a concentration camp, but they have a
mall and a supermarket and they're
eating ice cream and they've maintained
a small population of lions.
Lions and baboons. Is it possible that
we were maybe not told the full truth?
No. Not the Gazins. Not the Palestinian
people. No way.
>> Jonathan Conriggus is a former IDF
spokesperson and now a senior fellow at
the Foundation for the Defense of
Democracies. and he joins me now.
Lieutenant Colonel, thank you so much
for being here. We understand that
you're standing in front of Kabutz near
Oz, which is the site of such
devastation and destruction at the hands
of Hamas on October 7th. And because
Hamas has not released all of the bodies
yet, yesterday, Israel reduced the
amount of aid flowing into Gaza and
decided not to reopen the Rafa border
crossing. So with that in mind, do you
believe that this ceasefire will hold?
Yeah, good morning and thank you for
having me on. Uh, just following on on
the previous item, as an Israeli
civilian, I would strongly endorse that
effort by Speaker Johnson on behalf of
millions of Israelis, ordinary people.
They definitely believe that President
Trump is should be rewarded that prize
and many others because what we enjoyed
two days ago was getting our brothers
and sisters back. That was a tremendous
achievement and we're now in a
ceasefire. That would not have happened
without President Trump and his team. We
understand that. We recognize it and I
hope that the truth and justice will be
served and President Trump will be
awarded that. Now to the situation on
the ground. I think we are at the first
test of how strong the metal is in terms
of Israel and the US and Hamas is
testing the waters here. They're trying
to uh not to release all the bodies of
the hostages. Israel so far has has
responded very softly and Israel
threatened not to open Rafa but actually
the latest news are that Israel is going
to open the Rafa gate. I think that's
under American guidance and and
pressure. Uh because we don't I don't
think that Israel wants to really
disrupt the ceasefire quite yet. What
Hamas is doing is playing for time. And
I think that President Trump's tweet
saying that, you know, I'm not going to
tolerate any games is exactly the type
of leadership that is needed because if
Hamas, if they're given an an inch, they
will take the whole yard and they will
drag out this stage and they will try to
make an inevitable situation where they
are the facto rulers on the ground and
that cannot be allowed to happen. If we
want peace and if we want something
positive here for the future, then Hamas
needs to be disarmed and control over
the Gaza Strip needs to be taken out of
the hands of Hamas. By the way, for the
better interest of Palestinians as well.
And on that front, the Times of Israel
is reporting that since the ceasefire
took effect, Hamas gunmen have actually
tightened their grip over over Gaza and
have killed at least 33 Palestinians who
are accused of working, collaborating
with Israel. And some of these videos
that have been released, it's these are
public executions that we're talking
about. This doesn't appear to be the
behavior of a group of people who are
planning to relinquish power and
authority over the strip.
>> Yeah,
>> you are 100% correct. And what Hamas is
doing is settling scores. It isn't
against people that have cooperated with
Israel. It's against various critics in
Gaza. It's against people who are trying
to rise up against Hamas's oppression.
These are Palestinian Muslims. Yes.
Nothing Jewish here. and no Mossad agent
are being executed, just ordinary
Palestinians from rival factions and
rival clans. And Hamas is doing what
they do best. They are thugs and they're
executing people in town squares in
broad daylight in in typical Hamas
fashion. Now, I don't know if you've
seen it on other news networks. I have
not seen this major this reported in any
significant way across most of
mainstream media. And I wonder why.
Isn't it news when 35 and more
Palestinians are executed in cold blood?
Or is it not news because it's not
Israel's doing? But the fact is that
Hamas is not looking like an
organization that is ready to disarm as
they have committed to to President
Trump and they're not looking as if
they're going to hand over peacefully
the control over the Gaza Strip. That
spells trouble for the continuation of
this deal. I hope that Qatar, Egypt, and
Turkey, the main three sponsors of
Hamas, will be told by the by whoever
needs to tell them that the time for
games and the time for this type of
behavior is long gone. Hamas has lost
and they must concede. I hope that will
happen for the interest of everybody.
>> Yeah. Well, I I fear Jonathan that like
we know our politicians have failed us
and they will not be doing that in any
way, shape or form. This will continue
the cycle. Hamas will rem and here's
this is the main issue that most people
forget in this conflict. Hamas is still
extremely popular by the behest of the
Palestinian people. If Hamas was now
like a radical ideology that most
Palestinians didn't hold, it would be a
lot easier to remove them of power by
allowing Qatar and Turkey to put
pressure on them. The problem is Hamas
and the Palestinian people are almost
one and the same. There's exceptions,
but for the most part, the people of
Gaza love Hamas. They do. That's the
reality. So, it makes the disconnect. It
makes a foreign government enforcing
that politically or society impossible.
The only way you can quell it is with
military power, with overwhelming
military force. And I fear that what
we're going to learn from this lesson is
that this was another attempt by
America, by Western power to kick the
can down the road for political gain and
we'll end up getting [ __ ] by this.
Because what's going to happen is like
they've announced several times and like
they've warned, we're not going back to
war. I don't think there's any way or
chance we are going back to war in Gaza
anymore. It's I think that's that ship
has been sailed. And what's going to
happen? It's going to be a lot of talk
from Trump, a lot of talk from Qatar,
from Turkey, from Egypt pretending in
Israel and the politicians in Israel
because they don't want to head butt
heads with America. They're just going
to accept it. And it's and we're going
to end up back in this exact position,
probably worse because again, we've just
rewarded these terrorists for two years
with so with so much social media
attention with a state, you know, with
statehood. We've just shown them that
what they did on October 7th was good
overwhelmingly. We've rewarded them.
We're cooked. It's over. This is not how
you deal with the Middle East. This is
not how you deal with Palestinian
terrorism. Now, these these clips I
can't show you guys. These are way too
violent, but I'll just show you guys an
image, a screenshot. I'm not Don't look
at the rest of it, okay? I mean, if you
want to go on Twitter and see it, you
can. But it's basically Hamas terrorists
that are lining up Palestinians in a
circle to shoot them. Hamas continues in
brutal brutal crackdown in Gaza. A short
time ago, it executed Palestinians
charged allegedly with collaborating
with Israel. But as I saw, there was no
fair trial. There was no court case.
There was no conversation. There was
there was nothing other than lining them
up and shooting them in the head and
killing them on the street. And this is
how Hamas has been handling
the bodies of the hostages, carelessly
tossing them one on top of another, the
bodies that they're releasing, giving
them to the red cl red cross, just
dropping them all willy-nilly
on top of each other. It's disgusting.
I heard that they were holding bodies in
freezers and some bodies slain or tossed
pieces of bodies in different freezers
so they wouldn't be able to be found.
Very clearly we're dealing with a very
rational group of people that we can
have that we can coexist by side with
here. Here's the reality and this is
just the truth. If you if the
international community keeps forcing us
to live next to these people, what
you're going to end up seeing, and I'm
calling this now, you are going to see
an actual genocide one day. If you think
what you saw today was a genocide up
until now, somehow the Palestinian
population has increased increased
during the ongoing genocide. They've
maintained iPhone 17 Pros, uh, ice
cream, a mall, supermarkets, all that.
If you think that was a genocide, boy,
what is coming in the future if you
continue to force us, the international
community continues to force us to live
next to this? Because what you've done
in October 7th, and I've said this
before, you have bred a generation of
Israeli psychopaths who have PTSD, who
saw the worst imaginable things when my
generation is going to be in politics.
I'm 29. In 20 years from now, 30 years
from now, when my generation is running
for prime minister, president of Israel,
the security generals, the war generals,
you're going to have a generation that
grew up in October 7th, they're not
going to be the most functional when it
comes to dealing with Palestinians. You
have a generation now who lives there
who, yes, they fought Palestinians,
there were wars, but they didn't see
October 7th as kids. They didn't see
that as a young gener. They didn't carry
that with them. Do you understand what
I'm saying? I and I've said this before.
Palestinians are making a grave mistake.
A grave mistake. They think Allah is
coming to help them from the Yehood.
He's coming to liberate them. I'm sorry,
Habibi. We will be the end of you and
your entire society if you keep doing
this. If you keep going down this path,
it's going to end very, very, very badly
for you. Like I said before, we are not
victims. We are warriors. and we will be
the end of Palestine if they want that.
If that's what they're looking for,
they're gonna get it. It may it will
just be a matter of time. The same
rhetoric that they say about us, I'm
telling you right now, we are way
stronger. We are way smarter. We are way
more put together. And this isn't me
saying that we're better uh genetically
or anything like that. God forbid. I
would never make that statement. But I'm
just saying from a perspective of
organization. We are much more well put
together than them. We will destroy them
if we need to in the future. I'm not
saying that's my desired position. It's
not my desired position. I'd rather we
live together. But if they keep doing
this and they keep threatening that
they're coming back on October 7th,
Hhabibi, we'll be there October 8th and
we will destroy you. It will be very bad
for you. But you know the thing is what
I truly believe is up until now it
really hasn't been that bad for them.
You cannot, I'm sorry, you can't
maintain a population of lions, monkeys,
17 pros, malls, and ice cream when
you're going through a genocide and when
the war is really that bad. I know it's
been bad for many people there, but I
truly in my deep down in my heart, I
know it hasn't been that bad for them.
I've been in war zones. I have seen what
devastation looks like after natural
disasters in my life. I've been in the
slums all over the world. I'm sorry.
It's still not that bad in Gaza. It's
bad, but it's not that bad. If it was
actual persecution of every single
individual there, it would look
significantly different. This is an
anti-Hamas Gazin militia, says it's now
controlling numerous parts of northern
Gaza and will ensure safety of Gazins
returning home. The group warned Hamas
do not approach our area. So now we've
got the Palestinian civil war uh brewing
inside of Gaza.
Fantastic.
I'm starting to wonder how many innocent
civilians are there in Gaza.
Where are they?
Fantastic. And this definitely doesn't
look like an ISIS warlord,
right? At least they have a nice AI
logo. That's cool. Good thing they have
a nice AI logo. Well, you know what?
Back to square one, ladies and
gentlemen. It seems like the the war, it
seems like the diplomacy, the peace
deal, all in good fun.
We just, you know, wasted a bunch of
time. Thousands of people died, but it's
all it's all for what?
Free Palestine. We did it right, ladies
and gentlemen. We accomplished the goal.
Every day I come on here and I lose a
little bit more faith in humanity.
If you want to be an optimist, I would
go look at the episode I did, the day
the hostages were being released with uh
General Amir Avivi, a security
correspondent from the IDF and HighUp
General. Uh the episode has almost
200,000 views right now on YouTube. It's
fantastic, very optimistic, a lot more
optimistic than I am about the
situation, but go click on that video
and watch it. It's on the channel from a
few days ago. I will see you guys in the
next one. Get your merchandise if you
want to be promised 3,000 years ago. If
you believe this land was promised to
you, get the shirt in the description
below to travelcloud.com and I'll see
you then. I love you a long time.
Goodbye clats. Have you struggled with
repping your Zionism in style? Well,
boy, do I have a solution for you. Head
to the travelingclad.com and become a
sweet Zionist prince or princess today.
Or maybe even let the world know you're
a white colonizer with matching hat.
Tell the comments section you were
thrown out of 109 countries by joining
the 109 club with a matching hat. They
say it was promised to you 2,000 years
ago. Double down and grab a shirt that
was promised to you 3,000 years ago with
a matching hat. Ever dreamed of
Zionizing like me? Do it with a matching
hat. Damn it. Show off your Iraqi pride
by being someone's bad daddy or showing
them you were made in Iraq with a
matching hat. It's time to laugh in the
face of those who attack us. Wear their
hate with pride and you become
untouchable. The travelingclad.com. We
got mugs, stickers, shirts, hoodies, and
so much more. Go grab yourself something
nice, habibis and habibis. You deserve
it. If you don't want to buy any
merchandise, the best way to support me
is by donating on buy me a coffee, my
PayPal, or becoming a member on my
Patreon. Your support is very much
needed and very much appreciated. Thank
you.