What's up everyone? It's Gabbit Trades
here and welcome back to the channel.
Today we're going to look at three AI
coins that have some great potential and
especially with the AI narrative growing
so much within the trafi within Wall
Street as well. We literally saw Oracle
stock jump in just within one
announcement that they have
collaboration now with open AI cloud
space and the stock jumped 30% within
one single session that is unseen in the
trady. So of course we need to keep a
track with the AI within crypto. We're
going to look at some coins that haven't
been performing that amazingly in the
past few months, but things might change
very, very fast. So, before we dive in,
you guys, make sure to smash that like
button, subscribe if you're new here,
and click the small bell notification so
you never miss a breakdown with me. All
right, everyone. So, the first coin
we're going to look at is Render. So,
the reason I'm looking at Render is I
don't know much about the project,
whatever. I just look at the chart and I
see uh with the help of my indicators
again you can find them in the
description box. You can see that uh
there is clear liquidity sitting at $12
over here. So that's quite quite an
interesting gain uh for me that I could
potentially catch over here. Let's see.
That's like a 200% move. Uh not bad at
all. So looking at render where are we
currently sitting at the moment? Let's
have a look on a daily time frame.
On a daily time frame, we can see that
price is getting in a very very tight
range at the moment, which means that
sooner or later, this price is going to
break um break up or down. It's either
going to be in either direction
considering where price is at the moment
today. I think Bitcoin is trading at
around 115K
um as I'm recording this video.
uh which is not necessarily um that
extensively bullish uh as of yet. Swan's
been doing great, but let's see what is
render um been doing this week. So over
here we're having yeah quite a
substantial gain. But now we're going to
look at this on um from a more like a
high time frame perspective uh over
here. So we can see that on a daily time
frame we've had some very nice support
over here at $3.274 to $1.74
that um has been traded through uh quite
some times tapped into uh the ultimate
buy zone which is at 2.48.
So that is all good. All the trades here
um everything brilliant. Now, ideally
for this coin, I'd like to see the price
break through $4.122
before I get uh excessively bullish on
this. Considering the current price
action, I'd rather prefer to check uh
what else opportunities there um you
know, we might have over here. And the
first thing that I see is that in case
this uh coin starts dropping massively,
we might see an opportunity to re-enter
within uh within this range. So I do
kind of like um to take a chance over
here potentially on a lower leverage. I
feel it's going to be um if I'm going to
be chasing higher gains, I think that
would make me feel way more safe. But
yeah, um definitely down here it seems
to be literally the demand zone. So I
think this is where I would like to um
to place. Let's have a look actually how
much of a drop. Now that could be like a
10% drop quite substantial but yeah you
do want to you know in that kind of
situations I do like to be a little bit
protected. Uh let's have a look. Is
there anything else? So currently we're
now in a sell zone. So that's pretty
much like a sell. Um until until now
until this zone breaks until 4.1
uh 22 breaks on render. I think I'm
pretty um pretty much on the safe end. I
want to be on the safe end over here
until it breaks that. See, I have my
alert uh alert set over here. So um
that's what I'm going to be looking out
for. Once that breaks, maybe uh then
it's going to become a demand zone over
here. a zone that could hold. So then I
would enter from here. But since that
hasn't happened yet, I think um this is
kind of the zone that I'll be looking
at. So that starts at around $3.54.
And I would want to make sure that I
have space for price to uh wick this
area one more time. So we're looking at
around $3.2.
All right. So let's go ahead and
estimate how we can place that. All
right. So, here we are on the Tabbit Bet
exchange. You guys, if you're interested
in this uh trading exchange that I use,
you can find the link in the description
box. Um, and you can get some crazy
perks. You can get up to $200 just for
registering and you can get stackable um
rewards for u trading as well, which is
pretty awesome. So, we've identified
that our range is uh currently over
here. So, somewhere somewhere between
3.54 3.24. So, that's on a higher time
frame. It needs to be lower leverage. So
over here, I'm going to go ahead and um
confirm isolated margin. Um you guys
know I don't like to trade on um cross
margin. So we're going to we're going to
use that over here. And we're going to
place a limit order or I'm going to do
it. So 3.540 is where I want to um be
in. And then for
uh a stop loss around 3.2 would be
great.
3.2.
Maybe we can even do 3.1. Yeah, that's
fine. 3.1 is absolutely fine. And um
for take profit, we're going to be quite
flexible on the takerit. So um let's say
let's go back to the chart and see
potential resistance over here. So,
let's say let's say if everything works
well, this is going to be actually a
very good higher low re-entry. So, I
actually want to place my takeprofit at
$12, however crazy that sounds.
Um, this is going to be quite nice if it
happens. So, let's say we confirm over
here. But yeah, this is the bull market.
So, that is when I like to place trades
like that. This is a low leverage trade.
I usually trade a little bit higher
level than this. But uh for that
particular example, this is what um I'd
like to have over here. So everything is
set. Open long. Confirm.
There we go. Order placed. Um so very
happy with that. Now let's move on to
the other coin. Um the next one I want
to look at is uh GRT. It's quite a
bearish chart over here. um not so great
um at least for now but um yeah I mean
it has a lot of potential like look at
that $3.5 over here that's liquidity
again with the help of my indicators
that's around 250 I mean not bad at all
uh if we manage to catch an entry for
that so over here again uh it's not
entirely convincing but I think for me
uh it's going to be like worth a little
bit of a shot here uh within that range
because if we don't hold that range that
means that we can even come down and
sweep these lows. So um you know for me
uh it will be totally
uh worth a try over here. That's of
course for me. You guys do not take any
advice whatsoever. Do your thing. I'm
just showing you how I read the charts
and what I'd like to see um I'd like to
see for price holding over here. And
currently we sort of have like a little
bit of u you know candle close above
over here. Quite a bullish candle close
above on a daily. So I'm kind of happy
with that. Um so yeah I think that is
going to be the same with render. I
think that's going to be the demand zone
over here. And if that fails honestly
like there is there is no reason uh why
this coin shouldn't come down and sweep
all of these uh lows
to be fair. So uh yeah, let's give it a
go over here.
Go ahead and mark the exact same zone so
we can have our um parameters in a way.
All right, GRT. So that's uh 0.0898.
Um, and then uh we're going to adjust
the risk to 1%.
And then we are going to go to advanced.
We're on cross. Actually, we can't be on
cross. We need isolated.
Um, and we're going to reduce the
leverage over here.
Not overly exposed for risk trades like
that. Uh, in my opinion, I don't want to
do that. Um, so we're going to go here
and uh adjust a little bit the stop
loss. Let's go back and review
um again. So somewhere below 0.0857
0.0857.
Uh we can even do it um
83 82 that's also fine. 81. Yeah, that
works for me. Uh, take profit.
We're just going to send for that one.
We're going to send directly to 0.3496.
But then, um, I'm going to be obviously
like cutting this trade as it goes up.
Um, if it works out, I think it's going
to be quite nice. Um, dx.
Um,
open long confirm everything.
Let's go. All right. So, that's for GRT.
Moving on, we're going to look at near,
uh, which is also not looking bad, um,
at all. Let's have a look on the weekly
over here. Uh, we do have double
liquidity here on the weekly. So, I do
like to shoot for the $9 over here. Uh,
let's review on the daily time frame.
So see the daily time frame is still
saying that this coin has worked to the
downside to do. So in that case I've
already evaluated this zone over here uh
which is sitting at 2.238
and we have support daily support at
2.215.
Um so yeah these are going to be the
parameters over here for near. All
right. So, here we are at the tabbit
exchange where you can trade near as
well. Um, again you guys, the link is in
the description box if you'd like to to
use the same exchange I use. Um, so
yeah, that's the demand zone. We've
identified that. Let's have a look at
the parameters again. Uh, quite a bit of
a stop here for near leverage in
particular. So, what are we going to do
here? Isolated. Okay, that's all good.
5x works for me. Um, we need the trade
at uh 2.2
4.
Um, and then we're going to go here on
advanced
2.11.
We can pump up the leverage actually a
little bit.
Do it like the other coins. 8x would
make sense.
um isolated two 2.240
all correct. You just have to you know
just like me just double check
everything
2.11
0 let's do it even 2
um 2.08 08
06 just in case. Make it 05. That's
fine. I'm happy with that risk. Um and
then uh take profit. Hold on. Take
profit.
Was it around?
We're looking at $9 over here. That
would be good. Um $9. Everything's fine.
Isolated. We're good. And yep, here we
go.
See, this is a little bit deeper uh than
the other coins. So, yeah, let's hope
that, you know, but even if one out of
three catches, like I'm so I'm so going
to be fine with that. Um but yeah, this
is the three AI coins that I was
interested to show you today here you
guys. And u my plan for that. I know
that everyone is just pretty much
wanting for price to uh go one direction
and that direction is up, but it's not
how always things work, especially if
the liquidity on the chart is showing
you otherwise. So, uh with that being
said, thank you so much for being here
you guys and make sure to check in the
description box my main YouTube channel
and also Tabits Exchange and I'll see
you guys in the next one.