Don't [ __ ] around. Don't be cute. We
both know why you're here. You're here
to see the coins that make you go, "Oh
my." And trust me, my horny little
friend, uh, you're in the right place. I
know you've been sitting in your chair
in the corner watching us as we [ __ ] on
this channel. You saw my calls from last
video. You saw OBP. Oh my. You saw RBR.
Oh my. And of course, of course, you've
seen EMDR
and your little Hobbit ass sitting on
your tiny tiny Hobbit toilet right now
on your tiny tiny Hobbit iPhone. Well,
you're just thinking to yourself, seeing
all these gains, you're thinking,
and look, I get it. You're rubbing your
tiny ladylike, sweaty hands together,
getting excited. And this experience
you're feeling right now is what we like
to call alt seat. I've been talking
about it for a year now from Lowe's. I
was talking about it at $1,400 ETH and a
lot of you faded. A lot of you made fun
of me. You called me a broken clock. You
couldn't be patient with the master
chief of crypto. And that's fine. I
emphasize with you. We are a tolerant
channel. We respect diversity. We have
alpha males who can buy and hold that
have a testosterone above 10. And then
we have some of you haters. Everyone is
welcome here. That is why I've taken a
new sponsor on the channel. That's
right. Good news for you. We are now
sponsored by Tamacks because many of you
are colossal gaping [ __ ] And I want
this channel to be for everybody. So you
can take our new sponsor and cram it so
far up your ass that those soy latte
shits finally finally stop. Giving you
more time to make sure that your wife
stays off Tinder. That's right. We got
something for everybody in this video.
Everybody is going to be saying
m.
>> But alas, we're getting distracted. And
as much as I pick on your goofy little
hobbit ass, I feel bad for you sitting
there in your little [ __ ] hole sh
apartment with your fat fat fat fat hype
smoking bearded wife. And so I, the
alpha poppy of crypto, will be giving
you the sauce you've came for. I'm going
to give you the seven best altcoin
sectors in Q4. These things are going to
well, I think you know what they're
going to do. They're going to make you
say my but I will also be giving you
two, three, maybe even four of the best
coins in each of these sectors. So get
off your tiny little Hobbit toilet right
now. Go find a nice remote, quiet
viewing space. Come join my millions
followers cuz you got the hookup. You
got the sauce. You got the insider
information. You are with the master
chief of crypto. Everyone's very jealous
because you're about to get the sauce.
You're about to get the altcoins. We're
about to begin. Let's get started. So
look, I don't think I have to lay it out
to you guys. It's pretty clear what's
happening, but I'm going to lay it out
cuz I know the main viewership of this
channel is a bunch of inbredad retards.
That's fine. I don't care who views this
channel as long as I get the views. And
we need to move quickly right now
because as you see all the charts are
pumping very hard right now. And we're
seeing the first moves in the alt season
which is why you need to know what is
going to happen in Q4 and where these
pumps are going to be. What are the
things that going to make you go
come close? Oh my. And this video is
going to be your treasure map as I said.
But alas, we don't have time for jokes.
We got to move straight into this.
So before we get into these altcoins,
before I tell you where the treasures
at, I know you guys are eager to take
your sloppy salami and stick it straight
into the pencil sharpener wrist. Just
dive straight these altcoins. No thought
process whatsoever. But I know there's
two viewers on this channel and one and
a half girls. Yes, we have one full
grown woman and then kind of this elfish
lady, this dwarven lady named Matilda.
She has a peg leg. She rocks around. I I
can't I can't give her the full woman
status. It's not because I'm sexist or
anything like that. She's not half a
person. She's very very small. But these
two chicks and the three guys in this
channel that have an IQ past five, I
know you're interested on why these
markets are actually moving and how you
can actually read these markets. So
before I get into these coins, I have to
spell out what is happening right now so
you understand how to play this move. So
let's get into the charts. Let's let's
let's bring up the good old coin market
cap. So let's begin. Now before we get
started, I know a lot of you guys are
here looking for the meme coin. And I
promised the first 15,000 viewers of
this video would have a shot at it.
Later on this video, you're just going
to have to find it. There's going to be
a link to allow a thousand of you to
reserve your spot, but we're going to
have 9,000 other spots on the white
list. If you want to be one of those
spots that gets into my memecoin, which
I think is going to I think it's going
to do very well. Again, I make nothing
from it. You need to be subscribed on
YouTube. And when this video is done, go
to X and follow me there because I'm
only going to be dropping the white list
to my followers and subscribers. If
you're not followed, you're not
subscribed. I don't have any sauce for
you. So, let's talk about this market
right now. So, again, I emphasize you
need to understand what this market is
doing or you're going to play this
completely wrong. Give me five minutes
here to explain this before you [ __ ]
animalize and jump over to the altcoins
later on this video because this right
here is actually how you're going to
make money. Every altcoin is going to
pump super hard. You could ignore all of
my advice in this video and just throw
your money aimlessly into the market in
altcoins. You're probably going to make
money, but these altcoins are all going
to go. This is going to be the biggest
bubble you've ever seen. It's going to
explode. And even if people who are up
10x are still going to lose all their
money. So this is the important part
right here. And with all that in mind,
please go below. I I beg you glasses
off. Please go below. Read the
disclaimer. I have written it in
English. There is also the legal
disclaimer for legal beagles. I cannot
stress that crypto is literally
financial suicide. Your odds of making
money here in this casino are extremely
low. I'm not saying this to cover my
ass. I'm actually telling you you're
probably going to lose money doing this
if it's your first time. And in this
video, I'm going to break down things
that are meant for beginners and people
that don't know what the [ __ ] they're
doing, which is 95% of you, that will at
least stop you from hemorrhaging your
entire net worth. But I cannot stress, I
must stress, I must stress, this is
financial suicide. Your odds of making
money are so damn low. This is gambling.
This is not financial advice. Please
read the disclaimer below. I'm saying
that with utmost serious. Pause the
video, go read it real quick. Now, let's
talk about the market and why I'm so
[ __ ] horny. The [ __ ] I [ __ ] say in
these videos. All right, look. As you
can see, the market is bouncing back up.
It's it it was dead for a second.
Everybody was telling me I was a broken
clock and wrong again. And now
everybody's screaming and alt season on
Twitter. You guys are some bipolar
[ __ ] retards. This in mind, we're
seeing the market charge back up and
we're seeing us heading into Q4 and
perhaps the best bullish setup, the alt
season, the Q4 run that we've all been
predicting for years. And right now,
you're seeing it start to move up.
Everybody's starting to scream alt
season. This is just the tippity tip of
what's happening. Everybody's getting so
damn horny on Twitter. It's like a dude
who saw his first tits in American Pie
for the first time and it's completely
ruined five pairs of pants from
climaxing much too early. Look, I know a
lot of you guys are crypto virgins.
You're not used to this kind of stuff.
The smallest pump whatsoever causes you
to throw up, jizz in your pants, and
[ __ ] all at the same time, which isn't
cool cuz I know you all live with your
parents and your mom is the one doing
your laundry and she's just she's just
[ __ ] broke at this point.
But if you can manage to calm down your
erection and change your just covered
[ __ ] stained Chipotle wrecked pants for
one minute, you have to understand this
is not alt season. All the pumps that
we're seeing right now that I'm about to
go through that everyone's getting so
horny for, this is not alt season. This
is just the prelude. What we're about to
be seeing is we're seeing coins like
OVP, which I told you last video, the
buy down here, it's now soaring upwards.
It did like a 3x literally in a couple
days. We're seeing this pump and people
like alt season's here. Guys, I have to
stress to you, you need to understand,
alt season isn't where we see little 2,
3x pumps in and a few coins. We're going
to see almost every single altcoin go
and do two 3xs. We are going to see a
lot of altcoins do this type of behavior
right here. You do not understand how
[ __ ] ridiculous the gains are and the
movements are during all season. This is
why I've been holding patiently for
years because nothing that happens up
until this point [ __ ] matters. Like
the coins have gone up 3 to 4x. They've
gone down 80%. They've gone back up 3 to
4x. And everybody's yelling at me the
whole entire time like, "What the [ __ ]
is going on?" Well, I'm just sitting
here literally doing nothing. I'm just
sitting here in a diaper drinking my
chocolate milk, sending my mom off to
collect Pokémon cards for me and
relaxing because nothing has happened to
this point matters at all because we're
going to be seeing this type of movement
right here. People doubt me on this all
the time. And that's just because I
don't think people remember and I don't
think a lot of people here were here in
2020. Look, we saw Crypto Punks, for
example, perfect example of what
happened in 2020. They shot up to about
$15,000 from $1,000 and people were
calling the top left and right. They
said, "The NFT bull run is here." Then
Cryptounks ran to $450,000.
They did a 30x after people were calling
the top and saying NFT bull run alt
season is here. This is what we're
seeing right now. We're going to see
coins like OVP that are doing these
these 3xs right here that everybody's
getting excited about. They're going to
go and do another 20 30x. Now, look,
before we continue forward, please read
that disclaimer again. I'm very excited
here. Please, for the love of God, read
that disclaimer again. Any big gains I
talk about here, you're still probably
going to lose all your money. And I'm
not specifically saying that, Oppp, this
one coin is going to do a 20, 30x from
here. I think there's potential to do
it. What I'm saying is that the type of
insanity we're about to see, it's going
to make what we're seeing, well, it's
it's going to make it just look down.
That that horrible lack of manhood you
see there, it's going to make it look
like that. last bull run, altcoins moved
so hard and if we have another alt
season, which I'm going to explain why
people are going to have that right now,
they moved so hard that money didn't
even seem real anymore. You'd see a coin
drop, the next day it's at a $3500
million market cap. I think we're about
to see that. And here is why. So, look,
if we look at the market cap of all AI
coins, which I think is going to be one
of the hardest runners, we're sitting at
just a $32 billion market cap, and this
is very generous because this is
including way too many coins that aren't
AI. I would say the total market cap of
true AI coins right now is about $10
billion. Look, Nvidia is worth trillions
of dollars. There are multiple AI
companies right now that are starting
from scratch. They're hitting billion
dollar,5 billion,10 billion, 60
bazillion dollar market caps left and
right in the stock market. This is tiny.
And you need to understand this. This is
the big point. We have $7.3 trillion
tied up in money markets right now. What
are money markets? My financially
illiterate little [ __ ] Look, my
little inbredad friend. Money markets
are essentially where you can take your
money. You just take a million dollars
if you have it. You put in a money
market and because rates are so high
right now, you can make a passive four,
five, six, whatever percent on it every
single year risk-free. Now, the markets
have looked very, very scary. And if you
look at the S&P where people store a lot
of their money, that usually goes up
about 8 to 10% per year. So, a person
right now can get risk-free 5% 6% a year
on all their money. That is going away
as rates start going down. And so we
have $7.3 trillion locked up in these
markets of people who thought the market
was going to go down and they hedged
against it and are keeping all their
money there. As rates go down, inflation
is going to start meeting the yield
they're getting from this and they're
going to want to FOMO the hell back in
the risk markets because everything's
going to start popping. They're going to
want to start buying assets again
because the gains on assets are going to
be so extreme. So we're going to see
this $7.3 trillion flood into risk
markets. Now, is this all going in the
crypto? No, of course not. But you need
to understand Bitcoin and Ethereum are
the two hottest investments on Wall
Street right now. Ethereum is by far as
they get more and more horny. What's
going to happen is they're going to get
tired of Ethereum. Ethereum is going to
get to $6,000, $7,000 and the gains on
that are not really going to be there
anymore. They're not going to be there
for a risk person who wants to make a
ton of money, which is what Wall Street
and big money wants to do. So, they're
going to come down to these coins right
here like Salana and Avac and Hype. And
of course, of course, editor put a
French beret on me. I like to say it
with class
baguette. This is the classiest of all
coins. Coins like this are going to pump
very hard because all the big money is
going to roll into them. Now, you need
to understand that the market cap of
these things are only in the billions.
And you need to understand that market
caps aren't an accurate representation
of how much money is actually in there.
For example, if you put a billion
dollars in Avac right now, yes, it's
sitting at a $12 billion market cap, but
it's probably going to send it to a $20
billion market cap. It's not reflective
of how much money is actually in and out
of the coin itself. So, you need to
understand when the $7.3 trillion floods
into risk, yes, it's mostly going to go
in the stock markets and real estate and
whatever, but even if 100 billion of
that, 150 billion of that comes into
crypto, specifically in the altcoins,
it's going to send these bigger altcoins
right here skyrocketing. And then if
just a billion floods in a market like
for example AI, we're going to see this
market easily easily do a 10 20x even on
the big coins and the smaller coins.
When these big coins right here start to
move, for example, TA probably one of
the best AI coins you can hold. This
thing's going to go to a 10 billion 15
billion market cap, a clean 5x from
here. People are going to then come down
here and want to speculate heavy and
we're going to see stuff like AOS and
Despera and Ziggchain go insane. We're
gonna see smaller coins like Graph AI
with by far the best ticker in the
industry. Gay. I mean, the jokes are
just I mean, for a channel like mine, I
don't even care what the [ __ ] coin
does. If I can just say get those gay
gains straight face, I'm not being a
bigot here, okay? I'm using the coin
ticker. You're the one who's insinuating
something here. I can just say I'm gay
for this coin all day long. And just
completely get away with it. Can't
cancel this [ __ ] I'm just being
a financial analyst here. I mean, I
don't even care what the coin does.
That's why it's going to do so well. But
the gains are just going to be gay from
this point going forward. They're going
to be huge. They're going to blow your
bum wide open. Okay, I'm done. I'm done.
But what's going to happen is it's going
to come down to these lower coins. And a
lot of these lower coins are sitting at
30, 50, $100 million market caps just
and people are going to get wildly drunk
off these gains because you're going to
see as this continues more people are
going to start getting this feeling that
they got with OPP that I just mentioned
and they're going to start getting
really ballsy because the way crypto
works isn't this like alt season comes
out of nowhere. What happens is we start
seeing coins start moving like this and
people start two to threexing their
money. And what they do is they say,
"Oh, okay. I just two to 3x $1,000. What
if I go in and put in $5,000 into
another coin?" And they're going to keep
getting gains and keep getting really
reckless gains and start thinking
they're really smart. And every time
they make more money, they put more
money in and they start gambling harder
and harder and harder and it snowballs.
It starts with small little gambling.
Then people get hornier, hornier,
hornier, and it gets into a bubble just
like we saw in memecoins last year, just
like we saw in 2020, just like we saw in
NFTTS back then. And it just gets
absolutely out of hand. That's what's
going to happen here. And this is what
we're starting to see happen right now.
So if you're watching this thinking you
missed alt season or something like
that, no, you probably didn't. People
are just starting to get drunk. People
are just starting to say, "Oh, utility
is the place to be on Twitter." Trust
me, when alt season is in its full brim,
money is not going to seem real. And
people are going to be screaming at you,
insulting you for even having a slight
hinge of bearishness. We're not there
yet. People are just like, "Oh, maybe
there's some hope." Trust me, you're
going to get chased off Twitter. People
will dox you. They will come [ __ ] on
their hand and rub it all over your
door. They will photoshop you getting
butt [ __ ] by a polar bear and put it
on X because they are that damn reckless
and drunk at the peak ball season. We're
not there yet. As soon as you start
seeing me getting sodomized by polar
bears on X, that's probably that's
probably when it's time to pull out. But
I know a lot of you creepy little
inbredad [ __ ] that's the kind
of thing you're into. So please don't
let that distract you. So this all in
mind, what I want to do now is I want to
talk about where these pumps are going
to be at. All right? Where where are the
top sectors this is going to be at? This
is the part you've been waiting for.
That also being said, really quickly, if
you want to get in the coins like OPP,
you want to get in the coins that I've
mentioned that are giving the gains
early, you want to be following me on X.
That's where all the stuff happens
early. I can only make one of these
videos every two weeks because I'm lazy
as [ __ ] So let's talk about the
sectors. First thing I want to talk
about good old beginner basic cryptos.
What I'm going to do in this video is
I'm going to show you the sectors and
I'm going to show you a beginner coin in
each sector that if you don't know what
the [ __ ] you're doing, which is 95% of
you, stick to this coin or stick to
coins around this area. I'm going to
show you a middle cap coin and I'm going
to show you low cap coins. So, you can
see a whole range of examples of where
the gain's going to be. If you're in the
bigger beginner coins, the gain's going
to be lower, but you're not going to
lose all your money. If the market
crashes, we get World War II. Even if
that horrible thing comes to happen,
these coins are still probably going to
be here next market. They're actual real
technology. They're actually doing
something. As we work farther down the
totem pole, they get more and more
risky. And these coins get annihilated
and blow up all the time, but they do
deliver the bigger gains because that's
where the massive risk is. So again, I
emphasize stick to the big juicier coins
up here. If you are completely new to
crypto, you don't know what you're
doing. And as I work my way down, the
risk gets much higher. the coins will
give bigger gains, but again, I
emphasize about 10, 15, 20% of these
will explode and go to zero in the
middle of the bull run. Okay? So, these
are extremely risky coins. So, I'm going
to give you the whole range right here.
So, the place we're going to start off
with is big chunky DeFi coins. These are
going to be the mainstay coins of your
portfolio. So, we're going to start with
the big giant coins. If you're looking
to make gains, you're probably not going
to make the biggest gains on Bitcoin and
Ethereum. I think Ethereum probably has
a two, maybe a 2.5x left in. That's
great if you're a normal person, okay?
But we're looking for the
kind of gains. All right, someone clip
that. That's that's the noise you make
when you make money. So, look, if I had
to pick three coins that are larger cap
coins that are not going to explode to
zero, which they all still can. We saw
the biggest one of the biggest coins,
last run, Luna, go all the way to zero.
So, again, like trust me, your dick is
in the pencil sharpener risk here no
matter what. But if I had to pick a few
coins, the number one I would actually
pick right now is going to be AEX. Avac
is the best large cap giant coin out
there. Full transparency, I work with
Avac a lot now. I'm partnered with them.
There is a little bit of bias behind
this. That said, Avac is making all the
right huge moves right now. They are
going to be the layer one of gaming.
There is tons of AI launching on it
right now. And from the market cap
perspective right now, people are going
to see Salana do a big move here soon in
my opinion. And they're going to come
down and look at these smaller coins
right here and say which one's going to
do the big moves? What's the next big
Salanaike play? It's going to be AVAC.
AEX is just incredible right now with
everything they're doing. Where I would
also pick is I think hype is going to do
extremely well. I don't own any hype,
but I think it's going to do stupid
well. I think Cardono I own a lot of
Cardono. And I hate to say this. I hate
to say this because this is a coin is
exclusively made up with fat little
inbredad hobbits. They you might have
seen them going around town now. They're
starting to make money. They're getting
really cocky. Every Friday night they go
rolling around, little tank tops on,
listening to [ __ ] Kesha tick tock on
the clock. Getting really ballsy. They
don't even care that other people bang
their wives now. They think it's cool.
Just rollerbling around town, tick- tock
blaring, showing up to their favorite
restaurant. It's kind of like a spin-off
of Chuck-e-Cheese. It's called McKucking
Fluffs. It's where you go while your
wife does other things on a Friday
night. These people are [ __ ]
terrible. And the second they get money,
you're going to see all the Miami
nightclubs just be ruined. It's just
going to be covered with just hentai and
AI waifuss and like furry [ __ ] It's
going to be just just terrible. Just
just terrible. We don't want to see
these people make money, but I think
they are. So,
Cardano is probably going to do very
well. I see it easily go in the $5. And
then finally, I think the classiest of
coins, the savant of coins, the most
cultured of coins, uh, Sue, these are
like Cardano holders except they wear
French berets and only live off of diet
of wine and baguettes. If you ever go to
a crypto event, they're so [ __ ]
classy. You're going to be really
jealous. You're going to really wish you
had some culture. But as you all guys
know that the most majestic, most
cultured coin in the market is going to
do I think it's going to do exception
well. I still don't know what the [ __ ]
this coin does. Like I said last video,
I'm committed to doing zero research on
it, but it has the pump fundamentals.
And so I think if you're building a big
cap portfolio where you don't want to
get your dick completely saw off,
probably the closest to a safe bet that
I can give you. So next, let's talk
about the actual sectors because when
alt season kicks off, the big narrative
that's going to happen right now is that
crypto is going to ch start changing
multiple areas of our normal day-to-day
life. And if you go and look into these
things, when you look at AI, when you
look at energy, you look at robotics,
you look at resource management, you
look at privacy, you look at the
exchange of how we manage our currencies
everywhere, it's going to change
everything. It's going to rapidly change
everything. But here's the point I I
need you to understand. Actually, here's
the point that I understand. You don't
give a [ __ ] Like, you just want number
go up. You don't care if it changes
anything. So, forgive me in this video.
I could sit down and explain to you how
AI is going to change robotics. It's
going to change how we decentralize the
power behind AI. I can talk about how
it's going to redefine our energy grid,
but you don't care. So, why would I make
content for you don't care about? I'm
just going to show you the coins in each
sector and a brief little summary of why
it's going to work, but I'm going to
show you the coins that I think are
going to go. All right. So, that's what
we're going to do. All right. We're
going to keep this nice inbredad low IQ
content that you know, love and approve
of. And we're not going to try and get
big brain here. So, what is going to
move the most? So, the place we have to
start at is just going to be good old
DeFi. Just good old traditional DeFi
coins. We want to go and try and find
the next unis swaps. We want to go and
try and find the next salas, next lunas.
I think one that has subent heat right
now is Kea. This is a layer one that has
all the sauce. People are calling the
next XRP. It does a lot of cool things,
but the most important thing right now
is that it has the hot hand in
narrative. This is something I got into
a little bit earlier and it's been doing
really, really, really well. Way I
should have gotten a bigger bag of it,
but I think this thing is probably going
to multiple billions and it's probably
going to go join some of the top coins
if this narrative it has keeps going.
Another coin that I think is going to do
really well and is more tied into the
general DeFi, which is basically
decentralized finance and the movement
of money, loans, all sorts of stuff like
that, is going to be this. This chart
looks great right here. If we bring it
all the way out, get in. I promise you
it won't do that again. It's fine. It's
fine. But if you go look at Clear Pill
um from the last few months, Clearpull
is a really good other DeFi coin that I
think is a good leader and probably
going to go to a billion multi-billion
dollar market cap because of how it
manages money. So this is probably one
of my top big DeFi coins. And if I'm
going anywhere after those big giant
coins I mentioned is probably coins like
these. Now when I talked about finding
the next unis swap, I have to mention
Black Hole. As you guys know, I am one
of the founders here. But what we're
seeing on Black Hole right now, I'm
going to tell you the non-biased
approach to this, okay? Because of
course as a founder you would think I
want you to buy the coin. I actually
don't give a [ __ ] if you buy Blackfull
or not because if you look at the volume
on Blackffull, it is by far one of the
fastest growing dexes in the space. It's
like completely slaughtered AVAC's the
centralized exchange and this is racking
up crazy amounts of fees for people that
hold black. For example, people that
were able to go and vote with their
black last week were able to generate
and be on pace for almost a 2x yearly
APY on it. And so what what people are
using black form is to farm money. It's
where you actually take your profits,
you convert it to black, and then you
use that to farm money like you would a
treasury or something like that. It's
not it's not as consistent or risk-f
free as like a yield-free treasury.
Don't don't take my words from it.
That's why it's generating those 2x
APYs. But what's going to happen as the
market picks up and more people start
using that, the fees are just going to
get outlandish. The amount you're able
to return by voting with your black is
just getting outlandish and that's going
to drive the price of the coin up
higher. And you're going to see this in
a lot of coins that actually have
revenue and stuff being generated. I
think blackfold is massive under value.
the memeage also on the name alone just
great just I'm sure you guys if you guys
saw the memes I made with with with
graph gaycoin I mean we literally have a
coin with the word hole in it I mean
there's a lot of there's a lot of things
I can do here but I think black is
master undervalued and another deck that
I think is going to do very well is
going to be gradient because this one
solves all the slippage problems I think
a lot of low-level trading is going to
be done on gradient simply because if
you get most coins you're going to see
when you try and trade them they have
like 20 15% slippage that absolutely
destroys the profit margins gradient
fixes it. So, if I'm going through my
basic DeFi coins, I think these ones are
all going to perform very, very well.
Black is just going to be driven up by
the use alone. It's not a speculative
coin. There's just so much volume on
there. The amount you generate by
holding black is outlandish and people
are going to notice that and they're
going to start buying the coin for that.
But Clearpool, KTA, Gradient are where
I'm going to go for general DeFi, which
is how people trade, manage money,
loans, so on and so forth. So, if we're
getting into AI crypto, I'm going to
have a specific AI crypto video coming
up here soon. I'm just going to mention
a few coins off the top of my head. Now,
if you're getting into AI crypto,
obviously the best coin you want to get
into as a beginner is going to be
something like TA. All right? If you
don't know what the [ __ ] you're doing
and you want to add something that gives
you exposure to AI, you just get into
TA. The end. All right? That's probably
going to do very well. Probably going to
go to, I don't know, $15 billion market
cap by the end of this run. If we get a
good true alt season with all the
hypeage on AI, like that's just where
it's going to run to. If you look at the
market caps on other AI companies in the
world, that same exact hype is going to
spill over here. Now, if I'm looking for
actual gains in this, like big juicy
gains, I'm going to start at AOS first.
This is like the big chunky big coin
that I would start at, which is probably
going to go to a multi-billion dollar
market cap and chase Tao. So, when Tao
starts to move, that's when we're going
to see AOS really start to move as well.
And so, if I'm looking for something
that's that's good, consistent, not a
new startup, I'd go with AOS. That's
probably going to give you the large
consistent gains long term. Another
really riskier one that I'm actually
using to trade Tao is going to be Taot.
This is the decentralized exchange on
Tao. Kind of similar to Gradient. I love
decentralized exchanges because they get
a lot of use and they actually drive
through real use cases. They pump the
price of the coins. This is going to be
Taot. Very simple. If Tao goes and does
a 4x, this is going to do an 8x. If you
want more exposure to bigger gains in
Tao, you just buy Taot and you get
bigger gains from it. I think Tao is a
shoe in for something that's going to
run this run. So that's why I think this
is a shoe in as far as lower cap coins
go. Now, if I'm making more suggestions
where I think huge gains are going to be
at, of course, my top coin probably in
AI is going to be Destra. I think this
is easily going to run back up to a
$300, $500 million market cap. This is
the most widely known. It has the best
branding. It has the most hype behind it
in the space. And one thing we're seeing
with AI coins right now is they haven't
really moved yet compared to some of the
coins I'm going to show here in a
second. This is really good because the
pumps we're seeing that people are
calling alt season right now, it hasn't
even started yet. And we haven't seen
people really move back in AI coins. AI
coins are going to probably be one of
the leader, the most pumpiest coins in
the market. Destra probably is the one
of the most well-known. A lot of money
is going to spill into this. The other
one that's up there with it is probably
going to be Ziggchain, which has the
whole layer going for it system. If you
don't know what layer ones are, I don't
expect you to because like why ever
learn anything about crypto? Like just
basic termin.
It has a cool name. Do you like you like
the word zig and you like the word zag?
Well, this coin is for [ __ ] you,
[ __ ] All right. So, look, Zigchain,
uh, it's a layer. It's a chain. It is
based around AI. That's all you really
need to know. It has massive hype behind
it. And I think Zigchain and Dester are
probably going to be two leading AI
coins. If I'm getting into smaller,
newer AI coins. Graph AI has an
absolutely stupid hot hand right now.
It's just getting so much action
whenever the market starts to move. I
think if we're looking at the smaller
coins, this one's going to move super
turbo
very hard. one because it does amazing
really cool stuff which doesn't matter.
All right, you you need to understand
all these coins right here. I'm not
referencing gay right now in particular,
but a lot of these coins like most of
them don't do anything. Even the ones
that going to do very very well don't do
anything. So what I'm telling you right
now is not that gay doesn't do anything.
What I'm telling you is that even if a
coin does something really cool, it
doesn't really matter. People are just
going to throw money at whatever has the
hype and narrative behind it. Last run
we had so many coins literally do
nothing nothing that are still sitting
at like multiple hundred million dollar
market caps and blew up and gave people
300 400 X's. So please keep in mind
whenever I talk about coins on here I'm
going to a lot of times ignore what they
do. I'm going to say yeah they do really
cool things but they got the narrative
and the story because that's what people
invest in these these runs. People are
not going to be investing in technology
or whatever that's going to pay off five
years from now. They want money right
now. They want the hot narrative. So,
graph in my opinion has one of the
hottest narratives of one of the
smallest AI coins. Now, there are so
many AI coins in the market, which is
why I'm going to make a separate AI
video here in the future. I just wanted
to point these out right here as
examples. Now, we're getting into the
fun kind of weird [ __ ] So, first we got
to talk about RWA coins. This is the
tokenization of real world assets,
apartments, land, real estate, stocks,
whatever you name it. By far, I think
the hottest one right now is Tharwa.
This is tied to all sorts of stuff going
on Dubai. We have all sorts of Dubai
money coming in. One of the things I
think is going to be a massive narrative
run, if I can sit here and uh look big
IQ for a second, is we're seeing the UAE
start dumping massive amounts of money
into crypto. Like they're getting very
very horny. They they see the pencil
sharpener and they are like just just
bottles of lube, diddy party, like
looking at it in very very inappropriate
ways. So, I think one thing we're going
to see with a lot of these coins that I
mentioned is we're seeing the UAE
pouring a lot of money in there are
preloading or like even to some point
getting in way too early on a lot of
these coins which they're preparing for
these pumps that are coming and the
amount of money that they have over
there they can put into these things is
going to be silly. So, I think UAE
pumping altcoins is going to be a huge
thing. Nothing has the back end of the
UA like Tharwood does and all the RWA
stuff they have going over there. So, I
think this is probably going to be one
of the hottest RWA coins. Another one
that I think has the hot hand but it's a
little bit of an older coin is going to
be Pinlink. So I think thwa is very very
hot and I think all the things that
pinlink does in terms of RWA are going
to make it I think these coins right
here are just going to deliver
ridiculous returns and RWA coins are a
little bit underhyped right now and they
haven't seen the huge movement yet.
Tharwa has actually started to move a
whole lot but a lot of RWA coins have
not moved and this is probably going to
be one of the biggest narratives.
Another one I have to mention off the
top of my head that's doing some really
cool stuff is going to be autos. And so
this one brings RWA to cars which no
other chain or coin is doing. And one
thing I would look for in these in these
coins is you want to look for the
narratives that are new and haven't been
attempted yet. So for example, OBVP, the
reason why it's pumping so hard, it's
the first one to really bring blockchain
to the management of energy, which no
other coin is really doing efficiently.
This right here braved them, gave them
the huge exposure. The problem that a
lot of AI coins have right now is
there's a lot of AI coins that do
general AI stuff. There's very few coins
particularly that do really unique
things. Autos is a very good example of
when it's in a very small market cap but
doing very unique things which is
bringing blockchain and decentralization
to the renting of cars and car ownership
and stuff like that. That's why I think
it's going to do very very well from
these levels. Now, as far as unique
things go, I think one of the biggest
upcoming narratives is going to be
robotics in uh crypto. Now, why do I
think that? Now, there's a lot of
reasons we could say robots and crypto
because what it's going to allow it to
do is like robotics are going to control
everything. We're going to see robots
doing so many jobs and being able to
train robots in a decentralized way and
then share the programming that makes
them do certain things is going to be
huge. That's the main application
blockchain has us. That doesn't matter
though. What really matters right now is
that robotics are sexy. It's
provocative. It gets the people going.
It makes people feel very smart like,
"Oh, I just I just invested in a new
blockchain robotics company."
There are very few robotics coins right
now. Two, robotics is going to become
one of the hottest narratives on Wall
Street. Three, it sounds really [ __ ]
cool. So, if we combine those all
together, there's really only two coins
in the market right now that have the
attention and they're both very small
and Robox has just started up. So,
again, we have the trifecta of
everything right here. The best coin in
Roblox right now in my opinion is
modular. It just is. It has the
attention as the narrative is everything
going behind it. And this is why we've
seen it go to a $40 million market cap
so quickly. I think this thing's going
to the moon because it's just going to
absorb all the attention and hype that's
in the robotics industry. And so I think
we have like an early version of almost
like a tow or something right here with
uh with EMDR. And the thing is there
aren't any really there aren't very many
robotics coins out there. The only one
out there worth mentioning is also going
to be RBR which is like the little
brother to EMDR right now. And so I
think this one's easily going to run up
to a $350 million like easy $30 million
our market cap in the next few weeks. So
those are the two robots coins. They're
just literally in a little island all by
themselves right now in terms of
narratives. And so I think they're going
to do super duper well. And as a whole,
I think we're going to see robotics
really take off here. We're going to see
a lot of coins popping off. So if you're
looking for anything new in the space,
like look for robotics coins. So the
next sector is going to be deepen.
Nobody thinks about this one and that's
why it's going to come in and really
deliver that
the
it's a meario. I'm just looking for
reasons to scream in an Italian accent
cuz when we get it to this point in the
video, I get really bored cuz I'm just
sitting here reading Coin Gecko. And so
basically, I just pick a European
country, France, Italy, whatever, and
scream nonsense in and in in their their
accent. Okay, this is who you listen to
for crypto advice. Anyways, so look,
anyone deepen what is deepen? All the
things I just talked about, it needs to
be in a way that's a centralized so it's
also anonymous. So you don't want people
knowing who you are when you're renting
certain things or seeing what you're
doing. Like for example, if I'm renting
a bots's code through EMDR or something
like that, or decentralizing that, I
don't want people being able to track
back to my computer, see who I am, see
the things I'm investing and moving
into. It just all breaks down and falls
apart in terms of decentralization, in
terms of AI. It's all just a giant mess
if everybody can see exactly who's doing
it. This is why something like anyone is
so essential and it plugs into all these
things and everybody forgets about
deepen. They're not going to forget
about it once all this stuff starts
moving and this stuff just becomes it's
essential for doing any of these things.
You have to have it. It's like a chain
link. So, DPIN is going to be huge.
Another really good example of a DPIN
coin is going to be ZKML. And so, like
anyone's the middle cap coin of this,
but the smaller coin of this is going to
be ZKML because not only does it help
with privacy, it helps with security.
And these are such huge giant issues in
crypto that people don't think about
because it's not very sexy. When all
these things I just talked about, RWA,
like you don't want your [ __ ] real
estate assets be nonsecure, non-private.
You don't want your AI and everything
you're investing in your company to be
nonsecure, non-private. like everything
has to use these things and so I think
these two are going to run very very
hard as well as the whole entire deep
pin sector. Now another sector I think
is going to be the hottest of hot
narratives is going to be energy and
resources. I I don't just think energy.
I think the management of water. I think
the management electricity. I think the
management of Wi-Fi and everything like
that is going to just blow up because
the way we manage it. Like think about
your electric bill right now. It's so
dysfunctional. The way that the
electricity is used in our society is so
centralized around core companies that
just suck. Like they just suck major
ass. And most of the expenses when it
comes to our energy and everything we
pay for comes to managing these giant
corporate bureaucracies that do their
jobs so ineffectively. This makes
everything expensive. This makes
everything a mess. I'm sure you've paid
your electric bill. I'm sure you know
what it looks like. So with these
cryptos right here, OpenVP for example,
this fixes this stuff and this is why
this is such a hot coin right now
because it's really the first of its
kind that's caught any real fire in this
narrative. I talked about OPPP a lot in
this video. I think it's going to keep
doing really well. I think you need to
look for as this runs to billion dollar
market caps. I think you need to look
for the little baby brother coins. We're
going to see ones launching at 105
million market caps. They're going to
come and chase this one up and easily
bump to $50 million market caps chasing
this. So, that's a huge thing you need
to be looking out for. This is really on
its own island all by itself. Now, when
it comes to gaming and memes, look, I
think gaming is about to do a huge
runback. And of course, my top gaming
point I have to mention is just Super
because Super plugs into everything.
It's connected to everything. I think if
you want to see huge gains, I think this
usually running back up past a billion
dollar market cap. Absolutely no
problem. So, I think Super is probably
one of the gaming coins you want leading
your portfolio. There's other great ones
out there. I just think Super is going
to deliver the gains from here. On top
of that, you have to look at Beam. I
think Beam is just going to do very
well. And I think games are probably
going to be one of the hotter narratives
later on in the year because gaming is
one of the most sure bets in all of
crypto when it comes to what it's going
to revolutionize. Look, people I'm going
to sum it up in two seconds already.
People's digital selves is their ego.
The things they have online, their
profile pictures, the assets they have
in games, you watch streamers and
everything. It's one of the biggest
parts of who they are and their social
identity. Crypto gaming allows people to
fully own that. makes it decentralized
and it allows them to transact and all
those things. People are not going to
want to keep all their data and
everything with giant corporations that
just move and delete things. It's just a
giant [ __ ] mess. Okay, gaming is
going to not just be the future of how
we play games. It's going to be the
future of how we live our lives online.
That's what I refer to on that. When you
see something like Red Player 1, your
expressions, the identity you have
online, the assets you have online, the
penthouse you have in Grand Theft Auto,
this is going to make up a lot of your
your life. And we're going to see a lot
of people spending a lot more time in
the digital world than the real life
world. This is why crypto gaming is just
it's the sure bet because you're not
going to want these managed by [ __ ]
Amazon. You don't want your [ __ ]
penthouse in a game managed and turned
on and off like it would be by a giant
Google like company. It's going to want
to be decentralized. People are going to
want true ownership of these assets cuz
it's it's super duper important. It'd be
like if you bought a really expensive
watch and then like you could only keep
it at Jeff Bezos's house. Like that
makes no sense. All right, so this is
exactly why it's going to be so huge.
And then as far as games and even meme
images go, I'm not really gonna get into
memecoins because I don't I just don't
think those are good for you guys. I
think you can make a lot of money in
memes and people be like, "Why don't you
ever talk about memes, Mr. Alex?" And
it's because there's no better way to
get your dick saw off in crypto than
memecoins. So, I'm just going to stay
away from I think Pump is probably going
to do pretty well from here. It looks
like it's going mainstream. I think
memes are going to do some phenomenal
things. I'm not ignoring them. I'm just
like I'm just not going to go on this
channel and give my viewers instructions
on how to [ __ ] a loaded pirate cannon.
You guys can go do that on your own. The
other place I would talk about when it
comes to memes and games, just Pangu.
Pangu is going to like a $10 billion
market. It's going to do super well.
This is the future Disney. This is one
of the biggest I I I think brands/ icons
in crypto. You're going to see it
everywhere. You're already seeing it
everywhere. It's like Pikachu. It's like
Pokemon and Disney and Mickey Mouse all
rolling into one. Luca's phenomena here.
I've talked about this thing since the
lows down here and I was like, get
Pingu. Like, it's going to do very well.
It's going to keep doing very well.
Pingo is just it's it's the best managed
NFT brand in all crypto. Also, I think
NFTs are going to come back, but I I'm
not going to talk about those right now.
But if you see how NFTs are performing
on Pudgy Penguins, for example, in their
game, if you look at how they're
performing on off the grid, we're seeing
the same exact thing that happened with
NF NBA moments back in the day with
crypto punks where they pumped up a
little bit and everyone's like, "This is
cool." And then they really pumped as
all the money started rolling back into
the market. So, so those are all the
sectors I'm looking at right now. That's
where I'm focused on. That's where my
money is invested. Of course, if you are
new to this, focus to those big coins I
talked about at the beginning or the
higher coins and the hierarchies of
those industries I talked about. If
something's below a $500 million market
cap and you're new to crypto, you really
shouldn't be playing with it. But those
are the places I think they're going to
move very hard. In the future, the
reason why you want to subscribe is
because again, you're not going to get
access to the white list for my memecoin
coming up if you're not subscribed. So,
[ __ ] you. But on top of that, in the
next few weeks, I'm going to be
releasing videos on each of these
sectors because there's a lot more coins
in each of these sector. I just want to
give you a big broad treasure map
overview in this video. So, um,
Emma