So today lads, we're going to be talking
a little bit about Stephanie White and
Caitlyn Clark. And basically the reason
why I'm going to be talking about this
is purely because of um I saw the stream
yesterday from um from Venom and I'm
just going to give my opinion on it. I
know obviously um a decent chunk of it
was actually just kind of reacting to to
a take that I made about 6 weeks ago and
I am going to be talking about um about
what he has said in this and basically
it's a lot of the points that I have
made and it's about why ste why
Stephanie White is a bad coach for Ken
Clark and I'm gonna say this right now
um
Stephanie White has earned another year
And I'm not going to go out there and
objectively say, "Oh, Stephanie White's
an awful coach for Caitlyn Clark,
like no question about it." And there's
not going to be an ability to adapt and
it's going to be an absolute disaster.
But I do think there were some very
there were some fair points made in
this. And I think a lot of them, again,
a lot of it was some of the points that
I made is that
I still stand by Stephanie White likes
the idea of Caitlyn Clark more than she
likes the player of Caitlyn Clark. And
this is not I've always said this, this
isn't like a personal level. People
think this everything's on a personal
level. It's like you have got an
extremely riskaverse coach and you've
got an extreme risk taker. And he
brought on he brought out a point here
and I'm only just going to very very
briefly um talk about this. He brought
up a point and this is something he
didn't mention is the Stephanie White
talked about in the press conference. So
there's a play
somewhere
that like this play right here.
So basically Dantis,
she's like motioning for Dantis to cut
through in this scenario here. She's
motioning for Dantis just get the [ __ ]
out of the way or Dantis to move. So
then in the end she ends up driving here
and Dantis spots up to here and Sabrina
is kind of playing the two and I I stand
by this like
Dantis should have cut here because Lex
it gets Lexi wide open for three but
Dantis doesn't see that she still should
have passed the ball to Dantis. Like two
wrongs don't make it right. So she ends
up throwing a turnover because Dantis
just decides to stand there. And that's
one of the things with Caitlyn is like
there it is it is an actual negative. We
saw it at Iowa. When players are not on
not playing at the level that she wants,
when players are not at the IQ that she
wants, she gets frustrated. And that's
that was a bad turnover. But at the same
time, like
this was a possession that Stephanie
White, Caitlyn Clark went and she had
328 and N. that um Venom brought it up
that at the end of the game um Stephanie
White basically just said, "Oh, she just
had a hot streak and um you know, we
need to reintroduce her to Dantis
because she needs to pass the ball to
Dantis more." Dantis at that stage in
the season was shooting 12% from three.
She was shooting 12% from three. Caitlin
Clark was on an all-time heater. Dantis
was shooting 12% from three at that
stage in the season. like Dantis up
until garbage time as in they'd already
made the playoffs with like two two
games to go D when Dantis suddenly got
hot she was shooting 16% from the
three-point line and she was literally
she was gen I mean this of players in
the rotations on teams she was the worst
player in the league up to that point
genuinely she was the worst player in
the entire league that was like getting
big minutes and I don't think people
realize that but Um,
I think a major point that Venom makes
and he was making is a point that I've
made a lot and it's basically just the
way that Stephanie White speaks about
Caitlyn Clark and you can see her body
language on the side like
she'll celebrate when another player
does something. When Caitlyn Clark hits
three threes in a row, it's it's arms
crossed. Like I don't want that. And the
Super Bird interview is the most telling
thing. Like you could tell Caitlyn Clark
is was nervous talking about it. You
could tell she was trying not to say
something she shouldn't. And like it was
the same as do you remember the
interview she had when it was like when
she had just played her worst game ever
as a pro um against the Golden State
Valkyries when she played small forward.
She played small forward and was [ __ ]
terrible because she is not very good.
Like to play Caitlyn off the ball, you
need to have like
a whole bunch of super high IQ players
that are going to move the ball side to
side and get the ball back to her. The
problem is is that the Indiana Fever
have a bunch of the offense stops here
players. Like let's just say
hypothetically Odyssey Sims is there. Um
you've got um the offense stops here. Um
Kelsey Mitchell, Aaliyah will pass her
the ball, the offense stops here, Lexi
Hull, the offense stops here, Natasha
Howard. Like how the [ __ ] are you
supposed to run this motion offense and
expect the ball to go back to Caitlyn
Clark if you've got a whole bunch of
players to shoot every time they touch
it?
Like
that's it doesn't make sense. The only
people that can run a motion offense in
that team and I I wouldn't even consider
Caitlyn being able like we can talk
about a hypothetical where Caitlin might
be able to run a motion offense. That's
a hypothetical. That's literally it's a
hypothetical because I'm not sure she
can either. But Steph White, you can
tell by the way Steph White has spoken
about players in the past that she
doesn't like players that play the style
of Caitlyn Clark and that she's clearly
been trying to mold Caitlyn Clark into
something that she isn't. And I'm
worried that I'm not I'm not actually
worried honestly because I think that
it's just going to be it I don't think
it's going to really change Kaitlyn
Clark, but for the good of for the good
of the damn sport. If Kaitlin Clark goes
and has a bad season, like it's not
going to be good for the sport, like all
those records, all those record
viewership gone.
All of that gone, all of the growth
gone. You're going to see a year where
it gets lower than the year before. And
all those Caitlyn Clark haters are going
to be they're going to be so so happy.
But then you're going to see Caitlyn
Clark go somewhere else or a new coach
and become unbelievable again. And
that's the thing where it's like Caitlyn
Caitlyn is a system and it's like trying
to tell Luca it's like trying to put
Luca in a motion offense. There's a
reason why Luca was the MVP of Euro
League, but like there's a reason why
Luca Donic at times in Euro League was
getting like the coach wasn't the
biggest fan of him. There were times
where when he just didn't have it.
And that's the one of the big things
like if you are a
if you're a player a heliocentric player
if you're if you just don't have it that
day yes you can lose your team a game
but if you do have it you can win your
team a lot of games and your team can
have a lot of success like anyone who
said the James Harden Rockets had 10% of
the talent of the Golden State Warriors
and they took him to seven games they
would have won the series if Chris Paul
hadn't got injured. Um,
but at the end of the day, it's a it's a
philosophical difference in basketball
opinion. And I do feel like Stephanie
White is a is a coach. I think we'll see
it next season. I think Stephanie White
is has done enough to get another year.
Heck, she might she might have been
coach borderline a coach of the year
conversation. She's a damn miracle
worker. She's a damn miracle worker and
there's no question about it that
Caitlyn Clark likes Stephanie White.
They are for the people all the people
saying fire Stephanie White and oh it's
not going to be good for Caitlyn.
Caitlyn's pissed at this. Caitlyn will
do whatever the [ __ ] she can to get it
to work with Stephanie White. Like
Stephanie White will remain the fever
coach until it's very clear it's not
working. And up to this point in time,
um,
like it's not that like one of the two
can adapt and it probably needs a slight
adapt adaptation. Like with Caitlyn
Clark,
I think I just think rather than adapt
her game, I just think she needs to
improve. Like I think she needs to
improve going right. I think she needs
to improve going left to the basket.
That's two things she needs to get
better at. Um, she needs to She's got
the floater. She was hitting a couple of
post phase this year. I think from
Stephanie White, she just needs to be
less pragmatic. It's as simple as that.
It's Pep Guardiola and Jack Greish all
over again. It's Pep and Ibrahimovic all
over again. And when you have a player
like Caitlyn Clark, you have to allow
freedom because if you try to put
Caitlyn in a box, you you lo you lose
Caitlyn Clark because Caitlyn Clark is
only good at being Caitlyn Clark. If you
try to ma to to make Caitlyn Clark be
Paige Beckers or make Caitlyn Clark be
Subird, she's not Subird. She's Caitlyn
[ __ ] Clark. And it's just unfortunate
that at least Christy Sides was such a
[ __ ] coach and she was so out of her
depth and the players basically revolted
against her and just coached themselves.
Stephanie White's a good coach. She's a
genuine good coach, but good coaches
aren't always good for every single type
of player and every single type of team.
And I don't know if it works out long
term, but we we're 100% going to have
another season to see.