Why don't you just convert all your ADA
to Bitcoin? It's like, okay, so we can
make less money as an eos.
You you think you think ADA will still
outperform BTC in the future?
Of course, because how much farther can
Bitcoin go? Maybe to a million. Okay,
it's a 10x. ADA can go 100x, a thousandx
uh over this. It's like, guys, we're not
a secondass citizen. Bitcoin breaks
all-time highs over the weekend as we go
into October, historically the most
bullish month for Bitcoin. Plus, whales
are accumulating these three alts in
anticipation of the falling alt season.
So, let's get into it. This is your
altcoin buzz news.
Hey, what's up everyone? My name is Cody
and if you're new here, make sure to
like, subscribe, and turn on
notifications so you know when we drop
our latest content. Follow us on Twitter
Combuzz.io and as always is not
financial advice and wish the best of
luck in your crypto ventures. Also, make
sure to join us for X bases Tuesday to
Friday at 9:00 a.m. EST. Link down
below.
All right, good morning guys. So,
Bitcoin hit new all-time highs just
under $126,000 over the weekend. We
swept the highs above here and then we
closed below. But we do look like we are
continuing back upwards today. But what
I will say is it wouldn't be the end of
the world if we consolidated down here
for a couple days. If you can see, we've
just been straight up since $108,000
pretty much 10 days ago. We've been only
up and it's been like only green candles
for the past, you know, 10 days or so.
So, it wouldn't be the end of the world
if we consolidated here. I'd actually
kind of prefer it because we could form
a base. But it does look like we kind of
want to go higher this morning and
continue much higher. But I will say if
we did anything like this, anything down
between 118ish, so $1,000 and around
$124,000
is totally fine. Um, it is super
bullish, so it might not come all the
way back down here. What we could do is
we could consolidate between 120 and
$125,000.
Anything like this underneath this prior
all-time high of uh, you know, $124,000
kind of as a resistance. any kind of
consolidation down below here, I think
we rip much higher much quicker. Um, but
it does look like Bitcoin wants to
continue higher today. So, it's very
hard to say uh what it's going to do.
It's a very bullish month, but I would
like to see some kind of support form
here so that we don't instantly just
nuke all the way back down uh on any
kind of bad news. So, so we'll have to
see what happens at New York open today
because we did have a very bullish
all-time high on the weekend and a lot
of times that does get reversed on
Monday morning. So, we'll have to watch
out for that. I also want to know what
price you guys first got into Bitcoin at
and what year you got into Bitcoin. Let
me know in the comments down below. I
know there's a lot of spam comments
which we're actively removing. But let
me know which uh which year and what
price you got into Bitcoin at and the
best one will probably get featured in
the next video. We also have Crypto RS
saying Bitcoin is back in the profit
zone, quietly loading up for the next
leg up. Binance data shows long-term
holders are now sitting at 7.3%
unrealized gains, flipping back into
profit for the first time since
September's pullback. The average
realized price sits around 114,000 while
Bitcoin trades 123,000. A healthy $9,000
cushion showing we moved out of fear,
but nowhere near euphoria levels yet. In
plain English, long-term portfolios are
green again, but not selling.
Institutions are defending the $114,000
base, and the market's quietly coiling
for its next structural move. The
pressure phase is over. The accumulation
phase has started. We also have Max
Crypto saying a breaking. The White
House has said that gold reserves may be
used to buy more Bitcoin in the United
States. So very bullish if the Bitcoin
was to sell any of its gold reserves or
convert it into Bitcoin. That would be
huge. We also have a Bitcoin demand
could rise as the US debt nears $ 38
trillion. America is piling on $6
billion in debt daily set to breach $ 38
trillion within weeks. Even asset
managers Larry Frink and Ray Dallio now
call Bitcoin a hedge against that
growing debt. Then we also have a very
bullish month for ETFs. The SEC faces 16
spot crypto ETF decisions in October and
Nate Graassi says the next few weeks
could be enormous for crypto markets. We
also know that the SEC is very crypto
friendly. They're trying to push out
ETFs. They're trying to make it even
easier to get crypto ETFs. So, the
likelihood that these get approved is
very high, especially since this is the
final deadline for these. You can see
these are all in October, the final
deadline here in the blue. So, the the
fact that this is the final deadline.
There's no more pushing it out. I think
a lot of these ETFs do get approved. We
get, you know, a lot of Salana, whether
it's Dogecoin, XRP, I think a lot of
these get pushed out and we have a very
bullish month for crypto in general. We
also have CNBC saying Bitcoin could go
much higher in the next 3 months. What
did the pattern show you? This is the
course of the past kind of year or so.
What are you seeing here?
That's right. As we can tell coming into
the month, it was a pretty big
performance gap almost 20%. Right. So,
there is a tendency to have this close.
Now, we've seen this before as well
where started off very similar and then
as gold stopped, this is when Bitcoin
started to rally again. And of course,
by the time you got to the summer
months, those percentages were now the
same again, which I think has a pretty
good chance of happening once more. that
could even you know again gold moving
just sideways or lower and Bitcoin
continue to move higher and I think you
you'll see that into the fourth quarter
into the end of the year.
Then moving on to the first of the coins
that Wales are accumulating we have
Coinbase's Cardano's holdings have
surged to 462% from 1.7 million to 9.56
million ADA. Our institutions quietly
preparing for something big on Cardano.
And then Haley says Cardano has been
added to the hashtags NASDAQ crypto
index US ETF previously removed for
regulatory reasons. It's now back in the
ETF. We also have Cardano and Brave. So
Brave, the browser, uh Brave's 100
million users can now access the full
Cardano ecosystem. Input output and
Brave have completed the Cardano
integration in the Brave wallet,
delivering seamless multi-chain choice
and a privacy first experience directly.
In the Brave wallet, users can now hold
and manage ADA and Cardano native
assets, execute token swaps natively in
browser, and participate in Cardano's
onchain governance. We also have
Cardano's perpetual futures are set to
launch soon on Coinbase. So, so soon
Cardano is going to be one of the few
perpetual futures that are launched on
Coinbase. We also have the poly market
odds of a Cardano AD ETF approval in
2025 jumping to 95% a new alltime high.
So, pretty much guaranteed that a
Cardano ETF is coming this year. Now,
Cardano looks pretty good here. I do
like this. I I will say we are still in
these lower highs here. So, we are still
kind of in this downtrend, but I do like
that it's reclaimed this level around
83ish cents and we're kind of holding
here. So, I'd like to see us hold. The
thing is this New York open on a Monday.
So things could sell off and which I'm
not looking to take a position on
Cardono right now because it is possible
if Bitcoin wants to go down. All coins
are going to go down much faster and it
would not be the end of the world if
Bitcoin went down a couple thousand
dollars because that's still very
bullish. Um but all coins would also go
down much faster. So I am hesitant to
open a fresh new position right now on
Cardono. But I do like where it is right
now. Once we get back above uh 97 cents
I think we are going back to these highs
towards a $1.15 pretty quickly. There's
a lot of open space here. There's a lot
of, you know, nothingness, open air
here. So, I think once we break above
this 97 cents and close on a daily, I
think we're going back to to these highs
and take out these stops probably around
a $1.17 pretty quickly. Then we'll have
to see what happens from there. But I
think, you know, once we're back above
here, things are going to start flying
pretty quickly. We're start to see very,
you know, very big green days on all the
altcoins once we start going towards the
end of the October. Once Bitcoin
dominance starts to fall and we start to
kind of go sideways on Bitcoin, I think
all coins are going to start to see
double digit green days soon. and it's
going to be very exciting. Um, and so
we're almost at that point. We just have
to wait a little bit longer. But I think
I think Cardono looks pretty good here.
And you know, barring any kind of
selloff today for New York open, I think
it's probably going to go back towards
these highs towards 96 97 cents pretty
soon. And then for the biggest drama of
the weekend, we have Aster as a second
coin that Wales are accumulating. So we
have Aster's token drops 10% after Defi
Llama Head raises watch trading concerns
and delist perpetual data on the DeFi
Lama platform. So we have uh this is the
DeFi llama head who says we've been
investigating Aster volumes and recently
their volumes have started mirroring
Binance per volumes almost exactly.
Chart on the left is XRPUST on Aster.
You can see the volumes ratio and
Binance is one. Chart on the right is
XRP per volume on Hyperlid or there's
some decorrelation. Aster doesn't make
it possible to get lower level data such
as who is making and filling orders. So
we can't get that data to verify if
there's wash trading and as per volume
will be delisted. So you can see here
they basically compared it and said,
"Hey, it's so similar to Binance that we
are essentially delisting it off of our
thing." And so essentially it sold off
10% over the weekend, coinciding also
with Aster saying, "Hey, we're going to
not have a vesting schedule for our
airdrop, which is launching actually on
October 14th." So they announced October
14th, uh, there will be an Aster
airdrop. There's not going to be any
vesting. You can get your tokens and you
can sell them immediately. That was also
a sell-off that kind of coincided with
this at the same time. But what's super
interesting is it also coincided very
nicely with a level retest which we'll
get to in a second. And so it kind of
perfectly lined up with TA. Now if AS
are saying a countdown begins, Genesis
uh stage two ends which it just ended
yesterday, October 5th. So essentially
the third phase for farming and airdrop
is going live. The second one just ended
yesterday. So we're going to see the
second stage airdrop on October 14th and
potentially selling pressure, but I
don't think it's actually going to be as
bad as people expect. So we have a whale
who spent 3.14 million USDT to buy 1.69
69 million Astra at a price of $186. And
we have Langruers who says, "I've been
in the space for years and honestly
can't recall CZ ever going this hard for
any coin besides BNB." So we have here
we can see it says, "This is the magnity
of Aster. Aster doesn't need you to lock
your position if you have the courage.
Just sell off your Aster." And we can
see CZ responding to this. He doesn't
respond to that many things other than a
post about BNB. And the fact that he's
going so hard for Aster is uh you know
bullish for Aster, I guess you could
say. Um, but we also have at the same
time right after all this FUD came out
over the weekend, we have Binance will
list Aster Dex with the seed tag
applied. So, probably by the time this
video is out, Aster will be listed spot
on Binance, which is the spot listing
that everyone has been waiting for. Now,
this coincided so perfectly with the
level retest down here at a dollar 75
over the weekend. It almost like they
played it out perfectly. It's almost
like DeFi Lama was working with Binance
to give this perfect level retest and it
really looks beautiful. And so a lot of
people sold off over the weekend after
this FUD only for it to, you know, level
retest this, which is what we're looking
for. We're looking for it to break back
above, retest this level, and come back
up. And so it did that perfectly and now
it's going much higher as Binance is
listing spot Aster. So, so actually I
think Aster is going live right now. So
that's why it's kind of pumping right
now on Binance spot. You can see it's
kind of pumping at $210. And so what's
super interesting about Aster is that
getting into Aster, everyone knew that
it was highly connected to CZ. We know
that what the Binance cartel can do to
different coins. And so the fact that
people were FUD this so much is very
interesting to me because I think no one
no one was doubting that there was a lot
of wash trading, no one was doubting
that all the per volume was fake or a
lot of it was fake and yet still people
sold off after this news yesterday even
though the main reason people got into
this is because we know what the Binance
cartel can do for the price. And so it's
very interesting to me that people were
selling off this coin uh because there's
potential crime when crime is the reason
that we got into this coin. Uh you
cannot be in this coin if you don't
agree with that. But I think it's uh
stupid to be shorting it because this
thing is designed to go up only. Now
what they're doing to asset right now
with this wash trading and huge volume
that's not real is actually what they
did to Binance back in 2017 and how it
became the biggest, you know,
centralized exchange there is. At first
you have to fake it to make it. And so I
don't think anyone is doubting that
these numbers are fake. I don't think
anyone's doubting that the user
experience on Hyperlid is better
currently than it is right now on Aster.
But what's interesting to me is that
people don't believe that CZ, the
richest man in the world, uh, will go
and pump this coin like crazy, which is
why we're still in this and we still
believe fully in Aster because, you
know, it might not have the best, you
know, user experience right now. Might
have not have the most real volume, but
we don't doubt for a second that Binance
and CZ are going to do all they can to
take away the hyperlquid market share
that Hyperlid has taken from Binance
over the past couple years. And so I
think this thing is going to go much
higher. Binance and CZ know for a fact
that the coin going up is the best
marketing you can have for a project.
And we know they'll do anything they can
to take out the competition. And you can
see they just listed the spot the day
after all this FUD came out. And so
anyone who was shorting or was selling
yesterday is instantly in the red today
as we going up and we've completely
retraced that entire move. So, they were
waiting on this Binance, you know, spot
listing. And how coincidental is it that
they dropped it the day after all of
this uh FUD comes out. So, just look at
the chart of B&B. Just look at the chart
of Pancake Swap when it first launched.
We know they know how to make a coin go
up. And I don't think uh I don't think
shorting or betting against them is a
very good idea. Right now, we have a
spotless going on. I think this thing is
going to go much higher uh very soon. I
think $4 is a heavy selling level.
Around $525 is half the market cap of
hype. I think we're going to have a very
bullish October for Aster and
everything. I don't think the airdrop is
going to have that much selling
pressure. I think a lot of it's probably
going to CZ anyway and he's not going to
sell it. Um, and so I think overall
Aster looks great here and I think we're
going to continue much higher over the
coming weeks uh for Aster, but it was a
very interesting FUD over the weekend.
And then for the next coin that Wales
are buying, we have Pangu. So Nansson
says, "Just in case you forgot about
Pangu, here's what Nansen AI has to say
about it. Daily volume at 461 million.
Smart money sitting on 100% plus gains
and not selling. and fresh wallets added
$2.5 million. We also have the Salon
Post who says Pangu is the most bought
memecoin by Smart Money in the past 24
hours according to Stockh. It's also
interesting because Pangu is considered
a memecoin. It's like this animal
memecoin, but it's also a you know a
very big viable product there. You got a
lot of revenue and so it's kind of the
best meme coin there could be if it's in
that memecoin category. We also have Ali
Charts who says it's happening. Pangu is
repeating the same fractal 10 cents
next. So we can see here Pangu is
currently sitting around 3 cents right
now. Uh he's saying a 3x could be coming
and I don't I don't doubt we have been
in this level of consolidation for a
long time on Pangu. We also have Maru
says Pangu still looks good on the
higher time frames. Alltime high looks
imminent after which it could fly. And
we also have Pudgy Party has officially
passed 750,000 downloads on the Apple
App Store and the Google Play Store. So
Pudge Penguins has a lot of actual, you
know, real use cases. You know, they
have the plushies, they have the games,
they have everything, they have the
cards. And so it's interesting that
Pangu is in that kind of memecoin
category, but it's also one of the most
useful meme coins that actually has
revenue. Um, and so I like I like Pangu
here. I will say what I'm looking for is
this kind of higher lows and higher
highs to start forming again to get
interested in it. Um, because every time
we pump up here, you can see every time
we pump up, we then retrace. So it's
like, okay, we're going to we're finally
going to start going up and then it
fully sells off. So we have been selling
off multiple times over and over again.
So, what I want to see is just start to
make an uptrend again, wherever that
might be. Um, whether it looks something
like this. Um, or a little bit lower or
a little bit higher. That's where I want
to get interested in Pangu on this kind
of higher low here. But I think this
looks good. If you kind of look at at
this level of consolidation, you can see
here maybe kind of a breakout. It kind
of correlates to this as well. And so, I
do like this overall high time frame
structure on Pangu. Um, it's just been
having a hard time to break out of this
kind of rest of the market. And so I
think uh in the next coming weeks as all
coins start to get some money flowing
into them after the Bitcoin uh dominance
drops. And so once we break back above
these four and a half centish level
which is all-time highs, I think we're
probably going towards at least 6 to 7
cents 10 cents probably at some point
but I'll have to see uh you know that's
that's a 3x from here. We'll have to see
how bullish we get in the next couple
months. And then lastly for today we
have Aptos who says in flight and
landing soon world liberty financials
USD1 is coming to Aptos. We also have
latest a bit wise has filed for an S1
application for an APOS ETF. We're
getting ETFs for everything these days.
The top seven tokens with the largest
token unlocks this week, however, are
$144 million led by Aptos with 61.41
million. So Aptos price has been surging
potentially because of a huge token
unlock coming uh you know this week. We
also have $10.8 million of stable coin
inflows in the last 24 hours. 500%
increase in stable coin supply
year-over-year and 8x increase in USCT
supply and 2x increase in USC supply
since their native launches. The numbers
don't lie. This is acceleration of chain
and choice for stable coins on Aptose.
We also have Smith who says Aptos is
sitting in the accumulation zone Q4
equals alt season and the obvious plays
Aptos breakout target is $453 to $23. So
he's basically saying we're going back
to new all-time highs. New alltime highs
around $23 for 4 for 4 forex. Now, I
will say APOS is looking good, but it's
looking good into a very big token
unlock. So, so that's one thing to think
about. We have pumped straight off the
bottom of this range around $4 back to
the top of the range around $559. So,
we've just been doing this same range
accumulation. Now, what I want to see is
I want to see us break above here,
retest this level around $5.60, and then
we're going back to this $8.60 pretty
quickly. We're going to fill in all this
inefficiency very fast. I think we will
go back up here. Now, one thing I will
say about token unlocks is it's very
dependent on where we are in the cycle.
If we are going into a very bullish Q4,
then a lot of times the APOS Foundation,
who is pumping this coin, thinks a lot
of people will be selling off and maybe
they'll hold off to sell their coins
because they know we're going to go much
higher and they would much prefer to
sell their coins at $20 instead of
around $5 right now where we are. So,
the timing of where we are in the market
cycle kind of depends on, you know,
whether it's a bearish unlock or a
bullish unlock. If we are going into a
bare market and the, you know, there's a
lot of unlocks, the token is most likely
in a sell-off because they need the
money. They need to survive through the
bare market. Going into the most bullish
quarter of the four-year cycle, they
might be more likely to hold their
tokens for much higher around $20ish
instead of selling around uh $5.60. So,
I will say this could be a case where is
a bullish unlock where the unlock
happens. A lot of people are selling and
they get cut off guard and then the
price rips straight from $5 all the way
to around $8 or $9. That is a very real
possibility. So, I'm watching out for
that as well. But just know there is
token unlocks this week. We are at a
level of resistance right here. So,
ultimately just kind of wait for us to
get back above this level, reclaim this
level around $5.60 and then I think once
we hold above here, it is a very real
possibility we could be going towards
this uh $860 level uh very quickly and I
think we will pump soon afterwards. And
I think after it's been consolidating
for many month, basically the entirety
of the year. So like 9 months it's been
consolidating in this range and it kind
of looks like chain link over like the
bare market when it was just
consolidating this very tight range for
a long time and once this breaks out I
think it's going to pump very fast. I do
think we'll probably go towards these
highs again towards $20. It's just uh
how long is that going to take? Not
entirely sure and we're waiting for this
breakout here. So that's a video for
today guys. It looks like we want to go
to new all-time highs again today. We'll
have to see. It is Monday morning New
York open. So, it's very possible we
continue uh pumping, but it's also very
possible we have a sell-off get little
destroyed this morning um and Bitcoin
just consolidates between 120 and
$124,000 for a little bit and then we
continue much higher. Um that would be
my preferred method, but it does look
like we want to go up right now. It's
it's pushing to these highs uh right
now. So, that's the video for today,
guys. I hope you enjoyed and I'll see
you