Have you ever wanted to know how to 
make consistent contact time and time
again with your chip shots around the green? 
So, you're not fatting it. You're not thinning
it. In fact, what you're doing, you're actually 
creating shots that actually get a lot of backspin
and check when they land on the green. He also 
ever wanted to know how to play those chip shots
right on the edge of the green when you're 
in the thick rough and you haven't got a lot
of green to work with and you chip it out and it 
lands and stops really close to the flag. How do
you play those wet muddy lies? So easy to play 
off beautiful lies, isn't it? But what about
the muddy ones? How do you make solid contact 
off those horrible lies? In this golf lesson,
I want to show you the most natural way to learn 
to chip consistently from wherever you are on the
green. There's only two things that you really 
need to learn. In this golf video, I can't wait
to share with you. Before I do, though, if you're 
new to the channel, it's one of your first lessons
of mine, please consider subscribing. I release 
videos just like this one every single week to
try and help you improve your game. Plus, you 
never have to remember a thing. Everything we
do here, I'll put it to a free downloadable 
practice guide in the description box below.
So, I want to start teaching you to play shots 
like that time and time again. And before we get
into the shots around the green from the awful 
lies, how do you get backspin, all those kind
of shots, let me show you two things that if you 
can learn these two things, they will unbelievably
improve your chipping. I'm not going to give you a 
checklist of this, this, and this. Just two things
will start to transform your chipping. So, let's 
start with the very first thing we need to do.
A lot of times when people get nervous over the 
short game shots, they get way too static. So, the
first thing I want you to do is if you're throwing 
a ball, you wouldn't stand here like this and kind
of just be static and throw, right? There'd be 
some softness to you and you wouldn't overthink
it. You just in a sense have a flowing motion. If 
I was throwing a ball underarm onto this green,
right? There's a movement and a flow to that and 
you need that in your chipping. So before we talk
about what the wrists do and the arms do, which 
again is super super simple, let's at least add
some flow to your motion. So there's a couple of 
ways I want you to naturally feel this. You know,
grab the club either in your your dominant hand, 
right, and just start to move. And notice here,
I'm almost even look, I'm stepping forward and I'm 
swinging backward. I'm just like I'm just tossing
this onto the green here like this, you know? And 
then all I'm going to do is walk to the golf ball,
put two hands on or maybe a little step forward. 
Just add whatever it takes just to add some flow.
And I would suggest in practice to hit a few shots 
like this. Don't worry about where the ball goes.
I'm going to stand to the side of the golf ball 
here. Look. And I'm just going to flow towards the
target. And the key here all the time is is just 
get a sense of a little bit of natural motion. Get
rid of some of that tension and staticness that 
destroys so many short game shots. I'm not asking
you for a big powerful motion. Just a little bit 
of freedom just to free up that motion here. Stand
slightly to the side of the golf ball here. I'm 
just stepping in and I'm just flowing through
just to keep that momentum going forward all of 
the time. So once you've unshackled yourself from
the tension and that could take a while. I would 
enjoy just getting on a practice green and and
just on your garden just walking up to the golf 
ball adding that freedom there. Not worrying about
strike. Just get rid of that tension. Once you've 
done that, then we need to we do need to focus on
strike. How do we make consistent contact? Well, 
the two things we want to control. One is where
the club bottoms out in your arc. But I would 
say the most important thing for short game is
the depth of your arc. We want to control it. So 
what do I mean by the depth of your arc? Well,
this here, look, if I'm swinging here, the arc 
height is too high and it would hit the top of
the golf ball. If I was to lower myself to the 
ground now, the arc height would go underneath the
ground and that would be a fat shot. So, really 
simply, let's not notice this. I'm not focusing
on setup or anything like this. Let your body work 
this out. I'm going to make I get get you to now
make some swings and I want you to focus simply on 
controlling your arc height. How do you do this?
Do you know what? I'll tell you in a second, 
but initially just see if you can notice how
your club is interacting with the ground. Didn't 
interact there. Now it's interacting. That's too
much interaction. So notice in a sense by paying 
attention to how your club is interacting or not
interacting with the ground is a way to in a sense 
control your arc height. So what I'm going to do
now is this. I'm going to hit a shot. And the 
beautiful thing about controlling your arc height
is is you don't have to hit a perfect position on 
the ground. You can hit behind the ball slightly.
You can hit slightly ahead of the golf ball. But 
when you control your arc high, watch this. I'm
actually going to hit now maybe an inch or two 
behind the ball. But because I'm not up here,
I'm not going to go too low. I'm going to control 
my depth. Watch what happens. Hit way behind the
golf ball there. And that's beautiful. Spins a 
little bit as well. I'm able to produce an action
that is a little bit more consistent than one that 
requires absolute precision. Now, you might find
after that simple golf tip, your chipping starts 
to naturally improve because you're controlling
the arc depth. Some of my students, however, 
they want a little bit more. They want to know,
well, how do I control the arc depth, Danny? 
Because I'm still a bit inconsistent. So,
let me give you a couple of common mistakes to 
look out for. Tina, a recent student of mine,
was really struggling on short shots like this, 
even though we did this exercise. And the reason
being is if she was excessively using her wrists. 
If you use too much wrists in the back swing for
a short shot, well, you've just making the 
axe much much shorter. If those wrists all
come out too early, you end up fatting it. If they 
don't come out enough, you end up topping it. So,
what I did with Tina was I simply said, "Look, 
just control your wrists. Just get a sense here.
Pay attention to your how the club's interacting 
with the ground. And you'll notice if you kind
of keep the wrists a little bit kind of almost the 
thumbs pointing downwards as you're chipping here,
you'll find you've got a little more control over 
that arc depth. She did that. The following day
she goes and wins the club championship. So, it's 
really, really important. Super, super simple as
well. The other couple of things to look out for, 
which are common mistakes I see with players who
struggle with consistent contact, is is when 
they make a swing, they'll often in attempt to
strike it, they'll lower themselves towards the 
golf ball. When you do that, what are you doing?
You're getting closer to the ground. You're more 
likely to fat it. When people do that as well,
they fight it once or twice. They then kind 
of lift up with their arms to try and avoid
the ground and then they kind of thin it. Not very 
very pleasant. Again, all this starts to disappear
very naturally. If you pay attention to how or the 
depth of the ark, you're naturally going to want
to kind of control your height with your body as 
well. You're not It doesn't make sense to do this,
right? So, these things can gradually disappear. 
Um, so watch out for that. The other thing to
watch out for, which is the final probably common 
fault, is this trail arm getting pulled behind
you. If this has loads of flex like this and 
starts to pull behind, what you're going to do,
you start to push that out and that can get 
you going again underneath the ground. When you
fattened a few, you then start pulling up and you 
it all starts to deteriorate. You can see here,
look, if my arms are out extended in front of me, 
maybe my thumbs are pointing slightly downwards
and I'm simply paying attention to how that club 
is bruising the ground. I am now controlling that
out depth time and time again. So that is it. 
That's contact. Let's talk about how the best
players now play from muddy lies and how do they 
play, you know, get backspin. Well, you'll see
here what I'm doing is if I want to get backspin 
on my chip shots, I've got a 60°ree Callaway Opus
SB wedge, the new wedge that has, first of all, 
spin pocket grooves, which help you to get spin.
But I need those grooves to be clean. So I make 
sure when I'm chipping and I want spin, I want to
make sure that this is unbelievably clean, right? 
No moisture on there at all. that gets rid of
back spin immediately. Then I want to make sure I 
guarantee great contact. So what I'll tend to do
when if I really want to guarantee contact, I've 
obviously got arc depth, but I want to hit ball
first. I'm going to move the ball slightly more 
central in my stance. I'm going my handle slightly
further forward here. And then all I'm going to do 
is again concentrate on my arc height throughout
this shot by paying attention to how the club's 
interacting the ground. And just naturally, you'll
see this ball spin. One thing I'm often asked when 
I'm over the golf ball is is what am I thinking
about? I'm thinking about landing this ball just 
a few feet on the green here. I'm visualizing a
fairly lower flight. I' I've set that low flight 
up with ball middle to back in my sand handle
forward. From here, I'm then once I've got that, 
I've got my flight. I'm then going to do some
practice swings. Again, paying attention to how my 
club is interacting with the ground, making sure
I've got the arc height. And then I trust I don't 
think of wrists and arms and all those kind of
things that allow your body to naturally do this. 
It'll work it out if you pay attention to those
couple of things. And then from there, it's being 
very positive. Keep flowing. And watch this. That
would have that would have checked beautifully 
if it hadn't have been for that golf ball there.
But that is how you start to get backspin on your 
shot. There's no magic in it. It's simply decent
amount of loft, decent strike. Now, we'll work 
on some shots around the green. Hard horrible
muddy lies and the short little shortsized rough 
shot. So on these horrible muddy wet bare lies,
all I'm going to do here is get a bit closer 
to the golf ball here. So why I do that, so the
heel's almost off the ground with the golf club. 
And why I done that is I've taken all the wrist
hinge out. Remember wrist hinge could come out and 
then extend the club underneath the ground. If I
take that all that out, then ultimately, as long 
as I maintain my height, I'm just going to be it's
beautiful, right? I should be a this should be no 
different to any any other shot really. I'm just
making it more likely. From here I'm visualizing 
a very very low shot. Now let's have a look.
You see here there that still flighted low. See 
the spin even on a shot like this when you get
the spin. So there's your back spin shot off 
a horrible lie too. Let's just finish off with
one that popular question on my channel which 
was how do you play the shortsided one when
the flag's right next to it and you got to come 
out that horrible thick stuff. So here you can
see the ball's buried in the rough. I haven't 
got a lot of green to work with. I'm going to
chip to this alignment stick here. How do we 
play the shot? You can't just in a sense do a
normal chipping action because the rough is wet. 
It's heavy. So, what we've got to learn here,
and this is where the practice and the warm-up 
happens. What I would do before a round. This
is my first attempt at this. What I'm going to 
do here is all we're doing is no difference to
what we've done before. We're going to control 
the arc depth. But what I'm going to need now
is a longer swing and more energy. So, what I'll 
tend to do is have a longer golf swing here. So,
I've got a lot of energy stored and then I can 
decide what what to do with that energy. I can
allow I can drop that energy just behind the 
golf ball just there and I'm just getting a
sense of that. What I'm not doing is having a 
short swing and trying to jab it on the green
which where most people are. So, why this feels 
difficult people is it's a fairly long swing for
quite a short shot but it's a feel thing. This is 
why we have to warm up to provide enough energy
in the back swing so that you can then allow it 
to fall into the back of the golf ball. Here,
I'm moving that ball fairly forward in my stance 
here. I'm going to play it. So, I'm going to
almost land this club just slightly behind 
the golf ball. And it's just a pure feel thing
behind the golf ball there. And look at that. I 
mean, I I can't play any better than that. And all
I've done is dropped that club beautifully into 
the back of the golf ball. But for a short shot,
it's required a fairly long swing to get through 
that rough. And that's what people struggle with.
It's kind of a very misconception. So, I hope 
you enjoyed this little short game video. Now,
remember, shot scope data that I get from my watch 
tells me that if you improve your driving by 10%,
you'll only drop maybe 0.02 shots. If you 
improve your shot game by 10% on average,
you will drop four to five shots per round. That's 
pretty impressive. So, understanding how to play
shots around the green will really, really help 
you lower your scores. If you enjoyed the video,
give it a thumbs up. Share it with a friend 
who you know is struggling with their short
shots around the green. If you're looking at 
wanting to know how to play your pitch shots,
click this one out right here. If you'd 
like more help personally from me,
head over to dannymort.com. But until 
next week, have a wonderful golfing