So, we'll see if Blake's team is giving
it to TMZ or people so they can create
another context around it.
[Music]
>> Hi, welcome to Floss and Talk. I'm Sashi
Flor, journalist, Hollywood truth
teller, and your voice of reason in a
town built on the illusion. First of
all, I just wanted to say thank you to
everyone for being so respectful and
nice in the comment section. I think
I've rarely seen that on other YouTube
channels. So, I'm just so honored and
proud to have such a great community
here. Even when you don't agree with me,
you're putting it in a really nice way
and it opens up for debate and I really,
really love that. So, thank you everyone
for doing that and for being so
respectful to everyone else as well.
Someone asked me in the comment section
as well where they can watch my old
interviews and they're all here on my
channel. I uploaded everything on my
channel so you can I think you can just
search the name of the celebrity and it
will come up and I have to warn you some
of the older stuff. It's not something
that I'm super proud of. Some of the
interviews are a bit cringe watching
back, but you know, you live and learn.
And I feel like the more I did my
interviews with celebrities, the better
I got at my job, as we do when we do
things a lot of times. Anyways, tomorrow
is the big day when Blake and Justin's
team have to release a statement or
respond to the judge about this
recording that he said has to be
released. Now, I'm so curious to find
out how they're actually going to
release this recording. As I talked
about yesterday, they can't put it in
the docket because you can't put a
recording in there or an audio file. So,
they have to do it in another way. So,
we'll see if Blake's team is giving it
to TMZ or people so they can create
another context around it to make it not
look as bad as I think it is. Or if
they're just going to post it on Reddit
or on YouTube. Who knows? This is going
to be very interesting. In the meantime,
Blake and Ryan are super busy trying to
sell us more products. I'm going to talk
a little bit more about that. And also
in this episode, I wanted to talk a
little bit about this new book from
Kevin Federline about Britney. She's now
come out and responded to it. The whole
thing is so heartbreaking to me. And
let's look at Tom Cruz and Anna de
Arma's relationship. It's over. And
Graham Norton, the British TV host, has
finally revealed his nightmare guest. I
was so surprised by his choice because
this person is one of my favorites. I'll
talk about that and show you a little
clip from my experience with this actor
as well. Anyways, let's get into Blake
and Ryan. A little update here in the
midst of all this recording drama.
They're of course out there trying to
sell stuff. And I was quite shocked by
Blake's latest uh Instagram reel when
she used her young niece who's only 20
years old as a model. I don't have an
issue with that in general, but the fact
that she's using her right now when
everyone knows that she's kryptonite and
she has to close off the comment section
on her Instagram and she's putting her
niece that she's also tagging in this
out there. I just think it's extremely
selfish and I feel like the only reason
she's doing it, of course she has
gorgeous hair and everything. But the
reason she's doing it is because she's
building on this brand that I talked
about for the last few days where she's
being this like homey, family centered,
sweet, relatable mom. How can she ever
be capable of the things she's accused
of like extortion and things like that?
And that's why she keeps posting these
things on Instagram. Like I spoke about
yesterday, she was in her pajamas. Then
she did a post about baking and she
baked a cake for her daughter based on
her favorite stuffed animals. It's all
so calculated. And I think the fact that
she actually uses her niece is kind of
despicable. She should protect the
people that she love and not put them in
front of everything. Um, I truly hope
that no one is commenting and saying
anything bad about her niece. She's only
20 years old. There's not a day that
goes by where R either Ryan or Blake is
not trying to sell us products. And Ryan
just did a new ad for Mint Mobile where
he's making fun of this new AI obsession
that people have been talking about in
Hollywood. Tilly Norwood, who is an AI
actress who's been signed by an agent.
is kind of crazy, but he's mocking fun
at that and monetizing the fair of
Hollywood that AI is taking over. A lot
of people sent me the video that Marine
Callahan did on Ryan Reynolds. She's a
journalist and an author and she has a
show on YouTube called The Nerve and she
really digged into Ryan Reynolds last
week. She brought all the receipts of
everything that he has done and she is
not holding back. And yesterday she did
an updated episode after Ryan had been
on Seth Meyers and the things that she's
saying about him. I think Ryan based on
the things he has confessed to and these
are just the things we know about. I
think Ryan is a psychoinist and I think
he is a psychopath. the the behaviors,
the criminal behaviors that Ryan has
confessed to. You know, that's how
serial killers start out with arson.
>> She is very passionate about what she
feels about Ryan Reynolds. One thing she
pointed out in that episode is how he
set fire to his elementary school and
she found the news clipping. I want to
just credit Elsie for actually finding
that story 5 months ago. Elsich here on
YouTube, she's the one who found that
story. But anyways, it is an interesting
story and I think it says a lot about
him. Although when you're 12 years old
or nine years old, I don't know how old
he was when he did this, you do stupid
things sometimes. But I think what's
really upsetting about that story is
that Ryan Reynolds got away with it and
he has no remorse and now he's joking
about it. I feel like now finally people
are starting to see Ryan Reynolds true
colors. I am speaking to a person right
now. Uh we are planning on having him on
the show here who has an appalling story
that he is sharing. It is really up the
alley what Blake and Ryan did to Justin.
I'll keep you posted on when that will
come out. Okay, so let's talk about
Kevin Featherline and Britney Spears and
the tell all book that's coming out and
his intentions here. But before I get
into that, I wanted to thank the sponsor
of this video, Sunshine Island. If
you're like me and you need a little bit
of break from Hollywood craziness and
drama, this is a game for you. It's a
cozy mobile farming and tyon game where
you manage three different islands. Each
of them has their own buildings, their
own animals, and production chains. It's
completely free to download on iOS and
Android, and it's just such a nice way
to unwind after a long day of talking
about celebrity news from Hollywood.
I've been playing it in the evenings
lately when I finish editing these
videos, and I love how relaxing it
actually is. You can decorate your
island, trade with others, and slowly
watch your little village turn into a
thriving paradise. And right now,
they're running a special Halloween
pumpkin hut from October 20th to
November 3rd, where pumpkins are hidden
all over your island. Everyone you find
helps you unlock seasonal rewards and
limited time items. It's the perfect way
to get into the Halloween mood. I also
love that the games let you choose how
social you want to be. At higher levels,
teaming up with guilt mates and taking
part in global events adds a whole new
level of fun. You can download Sunshine
Island from the link in my description
for free or scan this QR code. Just use
my exclusive vure shashi 25, that's my
name, and then 25 in the settings menu
to unlock your welcome gift. That is 250
gems and 100,000 coins. That gives you
the perfect head start. So, join me for
a really fun and calming little escape
with the pumpkin hunt this Halloween
season. Okay, I have some issues with
this book from Kevin Federine,
obviously, like a lot of other people.
First of all, I find it very suspicious
that this book is coming out now just
after Britney stopped paying child
support to Kevin. And to me, when he's
saying that he's worried about her and
at the same time revealing a lot of
secrets, not good one, about her life,
that's a very big contradiction to me.
Nothing good can come from this for
Britney Spears if you ask me. I was down
at the courthouse here in LA actually
when her conservatorship uh ended and
everyone was celebrating and it was kind
of a weird moment. And I have to say, I
don't know what's best for Britney. I
have no idea. I don't know that much
about her condition, but to me, it seems
like Britney is not doing that great.
When you look at her Instagram posts,
that's the only thing that I can go
from. It doesn't look like she is happy,
and it looks like she has a lot of
demons. And I don't think that Kevin
releasing the this book is going to help
her in any way. the things that he's
discussing in this book about her as a
mother and the things that she did in
the period of time when they were
together and afterwards. I think uh I
don't think it's necessary to repeat any
of it. I don't I just don't feel that
that information needs to be out there.
One of her reps commented to TMZ and
said with news from Kevin's book
breaking once again he and others are
profiting off her and sadly comes sadly
it comes after child support has ended
with Kevin. All she cares about are her
kids Shaun Preston and Jaden James and
their well-being during his
sensationalism.
She detailed her journey in her memoirs.
So Britney, as you know, released her
own book, The Woman in Me, and she's
saying that basically, read my book
instead of his. That's the truth. And
Rob Shooter says on his Substack, he's
revealing that he that Kevin actually
only got $60,000
in advance for this book, which is not a
lot, especially not compared to what
Britney got for the woman in Mean. She
got $15 million up front. Uh, but Kevin
is not crying over the small check
because he negotiated 100% of the TV and
film rights. So, he's really hoping that
someone's going to pick this up. And an
insider here is saying that Kevin knows
the book isn't the jackpot. He's playing
chess, not checkers. The real money will
come when Netflix or Hulu turns it into
a limited series. Producers are already
circling eager to dramatize the wild
spears fedine years. custody battles,
tabloid wars, and all. People think they
know Kevin and Britney, says one source,
"This book shows what it was really like
behind the glitter."
>> I kind of have to sound the alarm that
I I truly feel that somehow someway, I
just wish that their mom would get help.
I'm not going to just expose her
personal life, but it's 10 times worse
than anything that I've said in my book.
I don't even want to see or hear what it
was like in their relationship. And it
says here that while Britney's bro while
Britney broke records with her memoir,
Kevin is hoping to do the same thing. If
the right deal lands, that 60K will look
like a cab fair laughs a Hollywood
executive. So the book drops on on
October 21st on Tuesday. And now Britney
has come out and responded to this. She
posted on Twitter that the constant
gaslighting from ex-husbands is
extremely hurtful and exhausting. I've
always pleaded and screamed to have a
life with my boys. Relationships with
teenage boys is complex. I have felt
them demoralized by this situation and
I've always asked and always beg them
for to be a part of my life. And she
says here that she's only seen one of
her sons for 45 minutes for the last
five years and the other one visited her
four times in the past 5 years. It's
really heartbreaking. And she says here
from now on I will let them know when
I'm available. Trust me, those white
lies in that book, they're going
straight to the bank and I'm the only
one who genuinely gets hurt here. and
she says, "I'm I'm actually a pretty
intelligent woman who's been trying to
live a sacred and private life in the
past five years. I speak on this because
I have had enough and any real woman
would do the same." This is just such a
sad story and I feel for her kids. I
feel for her. I don't feel anything for
Kevin Federline. I feel like he is a
gold digger, but I also feel that
Britney really needs help. And it says
here that whispers are growing louder
that Britney might once again need court
oversight. The spark is his book. Kevin
says that the once celebrated free
Britney movement has become too extreme,
driving away the professionals who once
helped her. That is not good. She needs
professional help. That's the thing with
these celebrities that are in these
situations that no one dares to say no
to them. And if you keep saying yes,
nothing will ever change. So Federaline
comes with a warning here and he says
this isn't about freedom anymore. It's
about survival. And according to legal
experts, it is possible that a
conservative ship can be reinstated
through emergency proceedings if mental
and physical health declines. Yeah, who
knows what's best for Britney? It's been
so many years now. I remember when I
moved to New York in 2007.
That was the year when that whole
umbrella situation went down. Britney
and Insider Hair is saying the real
question isn't if Britney is free. It's
if she's safe. Well, let me know what
you think about Kevin releasing this
book. Is it going to do any favors to
Britney or to anyone else but Kevin,
basically? Okay, so let's jump over to
Tom Cruz and Anna de Armas. It's over.
That only lasted for about nine months.
Just after both had finished promoting
their movies, their relationship ended.
I don't know if it ever was real or not.
Um, who knows? She's a lot younger than
him. She's 37. As you know, he's 63 and
the Scientology church usually chooses
who he's allowed to date or not. And
there's a lot of contracts involved. I
am happy on Anna de Arman's behalf
because I think being with someone in
Scientology church means that you also
have to be a Scientologist and uh yeah I
don't think I would recommend that to
anyone without going into details about
that cult but it's crazy. Anyways, it
says here that they decided to still be
friends and an insider has says that Tom
and Anna had a good time together but
their time as a couple has run its
course. They are going to remain good
friends, but they aren't dating anymore.
They just realized they weren't going to
go the distance and that they are better
off as mates. Apparently, Tom has also
casted her in his next movie, so then
they must be kind of friends. I think
that relationship was strange. I don't
know. It was something off about it. And
yeah, now it's over, so we don't have to
speculate anymore. But do you think it
was real? Were they actually dating? Let
me know. Anyways, we have to talk about
Graham Norton coming out and talking
about his nightmare guest. I love Graeme
Norton. I think he's fantastic at his
jobs. It's really rare that you see a TV
show host entertained the way he does.
He brings out the best in everyone that
comes onto his show. That's my opinion.
He makes everyone likable. He makes
everyone funny. And I think he just
makes everyone feel so safe. So,
according to New York Post, he actually
uh revealed who his nightmare guest was.
And I was so shocked when I found out
who this person was because he is such a
serious person in general, especially
now. This was in 2013, which was also
the same year I had a very interesting
incident with this person. So, the
person is Mark Wahberg. Mark Wahlberg
comes off as so serious sometimes and
then at the same time he's such a
goofball. I know he had his
controversies, but I have to say he's
one of my favorites to interview. Of
course, for selfish reasons because he
always remembered me and I thought that
was really sweet and he always made an
effort to give me really good answers.
But here Graeme Norton said that this
was the nightmare interview and it's
quite funny from this clip that I found.
>> A
that's wrong. Well, don't don't touch
the man there looking for this.
>> You hid it for me and I I sorry.
>> Take yourself down. Take yourself down.
Why would you get enough people to drink
alcohol and come on a show
>> in the evening?
What? What? What's going on here?
>> That's social. That's a social thing.
Wow. It's a recipe for disaster.
>> So yeah, Mark Wahberg ended up on his
lap and then Norton is saying that no
one could tell a story. He tried to tell
a story. He just interrupt. At one
stage, Michael Fpender was telling a
story and this one was going quite well.
He was really getting into the heart of
the anecdote. I thought this one is
going well. I wonder why. And I looked
over at Mark Wahberg and he was asleep.
So yeah, we don't encourage that. And he
said that his producers never tried to
get his guests drunk, but he's
insinuating that Mark was really drunk
here. He says there will be a drink
waiting for you if you want one. And
then while we're showing a clip or
getting the music ready, they might be
they might be able to rush in and top
you up. But the most you can have is two
three tops. After three drinks, I would
be kind of giggly. But anyways, he said,
"So, if anyone does want to appear on
the show and be drunk, my tip to you
would be preload." He said that Mark
didn't appear that he was tipsy at all
when he arrived at the show. But then
during this interview session with all
of them with Michael Faspender included,
he really started to show that he was
not sober. So this was in 2013 and this
was the same year that I did an
interview with Mark Wahberg that
completely
sidetracked and went off the rail and
pissed off Dennis Washington so much
that he wanted to leave the room. Mark,
you have some interesting flirting
tricks in this movie. The winking thing.
Did you bring back like
>> Did you bring
>> Cuz he he's winking at you now. I can
I'm not even looking at him. Like he's
not here. But I
>> Which Which eye works better? Let's just
check it out. The left one.
>> Yeah.
>> I can tell which one you're looking at.
You're looking at the far. That's right.
The left. I got this one. I got this.
Don't look at me now. Stay with the
winker. Those pants really bring the
blue out in your eyes, by the way.
>> Thank you.
>> Oh, she just wked. Ah, man. I'm done.
You know, would this work if one chair
was empty?
>> Where do you keep your um your two
Oscars
>> next to each other?
>> Well, that's that's the question I get.
Talked to Mark for 20 minutes and you
asked me. So, where your Oscars? Yeah,
good good talking to you, De. Get out
now, De. It was a pleasure.
>> My favorite interview of the day. What a
beautiful. It's so funny to me that
Fastbender was there as well because
FastBender is the person that I fear the
most to interview. I had an amazing
interview with him once and another time
he was being horrible to me. He was
being so horrible that the studio called
me afterwards and said, "You're never
allowed to show that interview." That's
how mean he was. So, he's definitely Mr.
Jackal and Mr. hide to me. But when you
see him on his best behavior, he's the
most charming guy ever. I have to say I
was a little surprised that Graeme
Norton thought this was the nightmare
interview. I think for me the worst
interviews are when people are not
saying anything or they're just giving
you yes or no answers or just like
sitting there not being engaged at all
or like my blink lively interviewers,
you know, those are like the worst for
me. But anyways, okay. And this was
funny. Thank you, Ma, for sending me
this. I wanted to end this episode with
this photo that Ma sent me from Kmart in
Australia where they're selling Blake
bedside table and Ryan ribbed bedside
table. Blake's table is only $39 and you
can get Ryan's for $52
at Kmart in Australia.
I love that. Anyways, that's it from you
guys. I hope you enjoy this episode and
let me know what you think in the
comment section. If you have any ideas
or what you want me to talk about here,
any tips, please DM me on Instagram or
just send me an email, floss
talk@gmail.com.
And please subscribe, please hype,
share, like, and all that good stuff.
And you can join Flossom Talk under this
video by pressing join. And before I go,
don't forget to download Sunshine Island
for free from the link in my description
or by scanning this QR