Man, the Caitlyn Clark fans are cooking
on social media tonight. I mean, they
are cooking. This one says, "You know
damn well it is. College rings have
never been this important until Caitlyn
Clark happened." Alyssa Thomas has no
high school championship, no college
championship, and been to the finals in
a 12-13
team league three times with no ring.
Guess the loser at every level narrative
is only reserved for certain people.
Yeah, man. And listen, the majority of
the girls who are stars in this league
went to South Carolina, Yukon, Notre
Dame, Stanford, or played for Kim Moy at
Baylor or LSU. Okay? So, more times than
not, they're going to have rings. The
top players in the league are going to
have rings because they went to those
college powerhouses. they all played
with like 5 6 7 8 9 10 even 11 or 12
future WNBA players. So Caitlyn's always
going to struggle and Alyssa Thomas the
reason she struggles with that too now
and I don't want to beat up on Alyssa
Thomas for no reason even though I do
not like the woman. Alyssa Thomas played
at Maryland and they won a championship
in I think ' 06. I remember like it was
yesterday. I think they beat Duke in the
final in overtime. very good program,
but not a type of program that's going
to get five or six McDonald's
All-Americans every recruiting cycle.
They may get one. They were lucky to
keep Angel Reese in the state, but she
bailed out of there cuz she knew she
wasn't going to be able to because the
top teams are so stacked Notre Dame. If
you just put all the WNBA players in the
room and you throw a rock, you're either
going to hit a Notre Dame player or a
Yukon player. Okay? It just is what it
is. You can't compete with those people
just being one superstar at your school.
Angel got up out of Maryland. Alyssa
Thomas stayed. She stayed all four
years. Was great college career, but she
was That's why I don't want to beat up
on, you know, I'm fair, man. I'm It's
Black Colomo in the building, man. Hit
the like button, man. Support the
channel. Share these videos. Emotions
out of it. Alyssa Thomas shouldn't have
been expected to win a college
championship, just like Caitlyn Clark
shouldn't have been expected. Now,
Alyssa Thomas, I don't think she ever
got to a final four. She I don't think
she ever got anywhere deep in the
tournament. So, that's where it
separates from Caitlyn. Caitlyn got to
two consecutive final games. But, yeah,
in in women's college basketball, this
is just so stacked. It's so stacked at
the top. Even if you talk about
historically Tennessee, you throw
Tennessee in there, historically, it's
just the the the the it's so stacked at
the top, man. those those schools really
have a hard time like Maryland and Iowa
to to actually, you know, win a
championship. And then also, Alyssa
Thomas is not as popular as Caitlyn
Clark. No one cares about Alyssa Thomas.
Okay? And even if you begin to care
about Alyssa Thomas, she instantly will
call you a racist and you'll just be,
"All right, I'm done with her." This one
says, "I've watched the difference in
whistles Caitlyn got as a rookie
compared to Paige, and it's clear who
the WNBA favors, and I've watched every
minute of every Caitlyn Clark game. I
would never miss the most entertaining
hooper." The highlights were just
receipts for my argument. Yeah, we
talked about that a bunch on this
channel. Not only does did the did the
referees favor Paige, but the other
players favor Paige. They didn't start
giving her a hard time till it be came
down to the wire in the season and teams
were vying for playoffs seeds cuz the
teams were so bunched up in the playoffs
this year that one game could could send
you to fourth place and and you lose
that game and you could be out the
playoffs. It was so tight in those last
four or five spots and Dallas played a
lot of those teams down the stretch. So,
they had to play Paige hard. But prior
to that, they just it was all smiles and
giggles and open shots and, you know,
playing off of her and letting her do
whatever she wanted to do, letting her
shot. So, it was more more so the
players than the referees, but the
referees, you know, gave her a better
whistle than they gave Caitlyn, but she
wasn't they didn't have to cuz there was
no there was no rough play against her
to for where the referees would even
have to come in to play a lot. This one
says, "How funny would it be if Caitlyn
Clark popped into Euro League at about
the end of the season to do a me for
Chip? The ops would go insane."
Caitlyn's not doing that. Her brand is
very important. You got to understand
she she understands brand. You notice
she doesn't over she doesn't uh
overexpose herself. She knows how to go
away. Even though people won't let her
go away, but she doesn't overexpose
herself. She doesn't dilute the product.
She plays in the WNBA. You want to see
her play wait till the WNBA season.
Caitlyn Clark has left the nation
speechless by donating 300,000 to a
hunger relief organization. The
emotional moment went viral as Indiana
Fever coach Stephanie White broke down
in tears. Overwhelmed by Clark's
generosity, fans were stunned by her
haunting words. Yeah. I mean, listen,
Kayla's a nice person. You can't deny
that. When you hear her talk, you hear,
you know, you you you almost all the
people who don't like her don't know her
and didn't even want to get a chance to
know her. Like we said last year,
remember she said no one in the league
talked to her until like right before
the All-Star break. They didn't even
speak to her. No other players spoke to
her on any opposing teams. Like, hey,
what's up, man? watched all your games
at Iowa. Great, you know, great to
finally meet you, man. Good luck in the
league. No one on any other team to her
till right before the Allstar break
after she came out and said that and
then they all started trying, oh, oh,
hey, what's up, man? Hey, what's up?
>> Diana Terasi tried to get a photo op
trying to, you know, talking to Caitlyn.
And while they were, you know, and I
remember the infamous Seattle game where
they wouldn't even shake hands at the
end of the game, like they like they
were arch rivals with her for like 10
years in seven playoff series. Like they
had never they the the the frigidity,
the frozenness, the frostiness that she
encountered when she first came in the
league was astounding. Okay, so anybody
who has a problem with her doesn't know
her. Okay, they don't know her. And
while they were being mean girls to her,
unbeknownst to them, she was doing this.
>> And since this is off the record, here's
all you need to know about Caitlyn
Clark. When we would go to away games,
they always sold out. Unbelievable. So
Atlanta would normally have 3,000 4,000
people. Now they have 17,000 people. And
they sold a,000 standing room only
tickets. So when we walked into the
arena, people were on that third balcony
looking down at the tops of our players
heads to watch. It's it's it's really
hard to take in. After a few away games
and all of the sellouts, Caitlyn asked
the WNBA if they would pay spot bonuses
to the away team players. She said,
"Wow, we're m we're making all this new
revenue and I would like the away team
to benefit from that. Could they get a
spot bonus?" So, that's the heart of
Caitlyn Clark. I mean, that's a classy
amazing person.
>> So, but and it's absolutely
>> the answer was no, by the way, because
it's a collective bargaining agreement
and the players association couldn't do.
So yeah, get in the comment section, hit
the like button, subscribe Columbbo.