Now, if you've been trying to turn
through the golf ball, but no matter how
hard you try, you just cannot get that
body to rotate through, well, I'm going
to show you here in 5 minutes or less
exactly why amateur golfers can't turn
through the golf ball and a brilliant
fix for it. And why that is is because
of this here, the hip tilt. So, as
golfers are starting their down swing,
quite a lot of players start to hike and
raise up their lead side of their
pelvis. So, the left side of your hip
there to where you can see here with the
stick. See at how it left side is lower
than the right and then all of a sudden
it gets flat and level. A lot of golfers
try to do this as well. This will
completely stop your ability to be able
to turn through the golf ball cuz what
will happen when you hike that lead side
up? Your upper body will start to fall a
little bit too much back and it becomes
incredibly difficult then to be able to
create some rotation. It would actually
cause a lot of pain in your back. So for
golfers who really get that left side
hiking up, you will see quite often a
little bit of a right path, a lot of
club face closure, and a very weak ball
flight. So if let's say my green was out
there 150 yards, that carried 120,
that's in the water. So what we need to
do is something that's hugely important.
We need to keep the lead side of our
pelvis angled down as we turn. As you
can see, as soon as I do that, get the
lead side of the pelvis angled down.
What happens? My upper body stays more
on top of my lower body. So then I can
unwind and do it safely on my lower
spine. And you can even see in
relationship to the club path travel.
You're going to see it how the club path
is going to be more on plane. Whereas if
I lift up the left hip, I tilt back, the
club gets dumped under, I get stuck.
Now, as we move through impact, the lead
side does raise up. Absolutely. The hip
tilt does level out as we come through
the hitting area. That's as the lead
side extends as we continue to turn
through the shot. But for vast majority
of the down swing, we need to keep the
lead side down as we turn. And that is
going to hugely help us to be able to
turn through the golf ball. And we never
see amateur golfers remotely do it. And
our fix is exactly how I've been
demonstrating it this entire video. So,
grab an alignment stick. Put the
alignment stick through the belt loops
here to where you got a tiny bit on the
right, a lot on the left hand side. And
now what I want you to do is absolutely
get this stick pointing down and
disappearing
around you. So one, it gives you the
great kind of external focus for
rotation, but also of keeping that nice
tilt. Go remember golf ball is on the
ground. You have to rotate and hit the
ball that is on the ground. We need to
be tilted. The ball isn't in the air. If
it was, we could have level tilts, but
golf ball is on the ground. So keep this
down and turn through. So, just like I'm
doing here, I'm giving it a little bit
of a push as I'm moving down to get that
sensation a little bit more in there.
Don't worry about when you're doing your
practice swing because your practice
swing, it will look like the club is
flying out because there will be no
separation and there's no golf ball
being hit. So, gravity is not going to
let the hand path drop. Gravity will let
the hand path drop if you are doing this
properly. You're not just going to swing
over the top. So, let's do one here
again. Stick going down and around nice
and soft to start off with.
A brilliant one to do. So, I'm just
trying to nudge it down there, which has
already gone further than when I bumped
the hips up, and that felt like a 50%
swing. So, really get that motion in
there. It's one big point why so many
golfers can't turn through the golf ball
is cuz they're trying to train it way
too fast. You got to train it slow and
then build it up even with the correct
pieces like this. But then when you get
more comfortable, down around with the
left hip.
And there we go. We're hitting some
lovely shots and we're rotating through
the golf ball. So, if you enjoyed this
video, click that like button. If you
want more golf instructions just like
this, hit the subscribe button. Hit the
bell button, too, to be notified every
time I put out a video. And whatever you
want for the next 5minute fix video, let
me know and I'll make a nice short video
just like today about