Hello, I'm George, but many of you
already know that because uh you follow
me on on YouTube. Okay, we are here in
Shanghai in Dongan Golf Course in the
Landee Academy. Okay, and uh uh this is
not the scenario where I feel very
comfortable. I feel more comfortable
giving my golf lessons and so I share
little pieces of those lessons with you.
Okay. But today, well, we decided to
make a little video and uh talk a little
bit personally to a camera. But because
I do not like so much talking to a
camera, so I have my assistant here and
we said, okay, we're going to do like a
kind of uh question answer. Okay, so
Wayne, uh go ahead.
Yeah, I think the most commonly
requested question is why are we doing
this? Why are we going on YouTube?
Okay, good. But no
actually personally I was never
posting anything on social media but uh
uh the academy well decided to promote a
little bit coaches we are here and uh
yeah a few more also great coaches and
they they start posting on a on a
Chinese social media which is Xiaunu
and uh but apparently there was uh uh a
guy which owns a YouTube channel and he
he was using those those videos from
this uh social network which actually
you only can access if you if you are
living in mainland China well know
abroad too but it's more difficult or
maybe people do not know it. uh and he
started posting on YouTube and uh the
thing happened that is uh I was on a on
a on a summer camp this year in back to
Spain with some students of mine from
from China and every golf course I went
somebody recognized me and and I was uh
so surprised and and I mean so pleased
and so honored that actually there are
people out there which watch my videos
and they they really enjoy that and and
actually that That made me actually feel
pretty happy and I and I saw I mean the
the comments I got from these people is
that I'm actually use useful to them.
Okay. And so we decided okay we can
instead of only using Xiaomu we we we
can start posting a little bit more on
YouTube. Okay.
Yeah. And also after we start YouTube
what are we going to post on YouTube?
I mean mainly uh we will keep on posting
those fragments of of of my of my
lessons
just my normal lessons with my with my
students. Okay. But because we we saw
that there are also many people who who
had uh questions or or certain videos
there were questions they didn't
understood exactly what I was
explaining. So we decided that we we
probably also maybe on a on a weekly
basis or on a two week basis we we will
do some videos in the format like today
where I will I will try to answer those
those questions.
So what system do you follow? Could you
tell a little bit to the to the
audience? Well, I mean, I'm I'm a coach
now for for many years, but in uh
2014,
well, I mean, actually before before uh
in uh one of those uh seminars we made
in in in uh in Valencia in our uh
provincial PGA,
uh I had I had first contact with Stack
and Tilt and and then in 2014, I I met I
met Andy Plameumber.
and uh and Andy is uh such an amazing
person and and he has such a huge
knowledge about this game and and that
for me that was that was absolutely a
game changer. So he put all I mean all
those that knowledge I gained and and I
mean obviously all those things I have
learned you know over the years but he
managed to put all these things together
in a and approaching it in a systematic
way something where you know everything
has a meaning everything has an order
and and you can actually structure a
golf swing much faster much easier. here
and even giving your students a much
better idea and understanding of of of
how to play this game. No. So yeah
definitely uh stuck until is is uh
something which help helped my coaching
very very much tremendously a lot.
So speaking of students what's your like
what's your vision for your students and
also audience on YouTube? when I mean
the vision for my students is uh my duty
is to get out of all of my students
it's 100%. Okay.
So
I mean I always say I only have good
students. Okay. And I have some guys
they play regular golf and I have some
they play very good. Uh I coach some
professional golfers uh from from the
Hainan team. Uh but but actually I do
not coach professional golfers. Those
kids just became professional golfers
because I coached them for many years
and they grew older and they decided to
become professional players. But uh
personally I I'm I consider myself a
club pro and I enjoy I enjoy teaching
the kids and I enjoy teaching adults. uh
but not
not not so interested on on on
professional golfers.
So the final question, are we going to
do any online coaching in the future?
But know online coaching, I mean I never
want to say no, but but for me
personally, online coaching,
I believe it's it's very tough. It's
very difficult because
uh there is a little bit more than just
watching a video.
uh you you you can you cannot see you
cannot hear the ball the impact of the
ball. It it's sometimes difficult to see
the ball flight and uh
online coaching
is uh definitely not something we're
going to do in the near future. Okay.
and uh
uh no I prefer to keep on going with my
with my my lessons uh here in Shanghai
and and in Haiko again.
So
to close this session today a little bit
uh one one one of the videos I I I
posted uh with one of my students
and there were many people they they did
not understood what what I actually
wanted to say there because because I
was asking him I was asking him to not
not not to cover not not to cover so
much so much surface of of the grip
instead of holding
less less surface of the grip, having
those hands a bit closer together. Okay.
And
this actually comes from from the
different positions of the of the of the
club in the hand. Okay. Do you have a
pen? Yeah. Okay. So, okay.
So, I hope we I hope we can see that.
So, we have we got we have here three
lines. Okay. We have this one here. We
have uh this one here and we have this
one here. Okay.
So, so this this first line if I if I
decide to grip my club here in in my
fingers, no in in my fingers and this
first line here. Okay. Uh we call this
distance grip. Okay. Because this is
this is where my my wrists my wrists are
are the lossest where I have the the
least control over my my my my club face
and my club head. Okay. Especially my
club face. Okay. Because the left hand
is is the hand which which controls my
club face. Okay. Good. And then we have
that we have that second line. Okay.
Which we would call let's call it the
neutral grip. Okay.
So there's something in between. Okay,
it means there is still there is still
mobility in the hand. Okay, and I have
certain control over my my club face
also depending how I grip it, weaker,
stronger. Okay. And then we have
which would a control grip. Okay. Uh
which is
kind of like Bryson de Shambo which
actually plays with very thick grips.
Okay. uh because here the wrist action
uh is less okay and I have way much more
control over my club face. Uh it comes
closer to what would be like a putter
grip where we where we really grip the
club
through through the middle of the hand.
Okay. Um so what happened if if I have a
one of those control grips? Okay.
uh obviously it it makes me it makes me
cover a bigger surface of of the club.
Okay. And uh uh and if the right hand
does does exactly does exactly the same.
Okay. So so now I I I cover almost the
whole grip. Okay. So, so in that video,
uh it was only a fragment of the video
where I was talking to him and I was
explaining him that uh he has to grip
the club uh more together. Okay? Because
what what I wanted is that he has more
like a kind of distance grip. Okay?
Because his wrists actually were very
very uh not active at all. Okay? So, so
I hope that all those people who who ask
about that and did not understood what I
want to say, okay, they they they
understand that now. Okay, so I wanted
him to get closer to to this here uh
where where I cover a smaller part of my
grip and and like this he he he has a
little bit more those hands more active.
Okay. But as I said, all my videos are
just fragments of golf lessons. Okay.
So,
in many cases, uh not in all of them
because they are gen more more general
questions, but but many
frequently they are very specific uh
things for that student in that moment.
Okay. But no, I hope you enjoyed and uh
we keep on posting more videos and uh
I hope you like them. Bye-bye.
Byebye.