Margaret Thatcher said, you know,
socialism is great until you run out of
everyone else's money, other people's
money.
>> Well, what Andrew Cuomo said is that if
he had $959 million, he'd give it to
Elon Musk in tax credits because that's
exactly what he did. And I bring that up
to you to say that it's often a question
of whether you have the willingness to
spend that money to benefit
working-class people.
That was a pretty good response there uh
to Martha McCollum from Zorn Mandani who
went into the fox's den or whatever. I
thought that was that was a good
response uh bringing it back to Cuomo in
the way that he has sold out New Yorkers
to just hand over huge quantities of
money to wealthy people. But I also
think like I don't want to you know he
doesn't need tips from me but if like
they tee you up with socialism is great
until you run out of other people's
money. I would say capitalism is great
until you run out of the poor's money
cuz all it is is you steal their labor
and then eventually you redistribute
their wealth to yourself. You accumulate
more and more and then realize that that
isn't actually a sustainable uh way to
run an economy. But that said, I know
Zorn Mandani does not need to be taking
on capitalism on Fox these days.
Instead, he's content to take on Quuomo.
That's the mission of the day, and I
appreciate it. He did really well
overall. In fact, he did so well that
that Fox host kind of complimented him
even amidst his criticisms of Donald
Trump. Take a look. When I've spoken to
Trump voters right here in New York
City, Hillside Avenue in Queens, form
Road in the Bronx, they've told me it
was cost of living that drove them to
vote for Donald Trump. They've told me
it was a promise of a lower actual
whether it be cheaper groceries, whether
it be childare, whether it be rent. And
what we're seeing time and time again is
we're more focused on the question of
billionaires and the most profitable
corporations than we are on people who
can't even afford to make ends meet in
this city.
>> Well, we know affordability is an issue
and I think that all politicians are
getting to an understanding of that. And
I think that you've done a lot actually
to bring people's attention to that
issue.
That was like a weirdly nice moment in a
Fox interview right there. I mean, I
know Martha McCub's not like Greg
Gutfeld or whatever, but still that was
a that was a pretty nice moment. And
Maldani had nice moments of his own. Uh,
one that I think is getting like a
little bit maybe the most press of all
the moments was when he decided to
directly address Donald Trump. Take a
look at that.
You spoke about President Trump and he
may be watching right now and I just
want to speak directly to the president
which is that I will not be a mayor like
Mayor Adams who will call you to figure
out how to stay out of jail. I won't be
a disgraced governor like Andrew Cuomo
who will call you to ask how to win this
election. I can do those things on my
own. I will however be a mayor who is
ready to speak at any time to lower the
cost of living. That's the way that I am
going to lead this city. That's the
partnership I want to build not only
with Washington DC but anyone across
this country. I think it's important
because too often the focus on the needs
of working-class Americans,
working-class New Yorkers are put to the
side as we talk more and more about the
very kinds of corrupt politicians like
Andrew Cuomo that delivered us into this
kind of crisis.
>> I almost hesitate to even say this
because, you know, my predictions are
always uh hot garbage and everything,
but like I I feel I feel like he's going
places and he's super young, man. He's
he's really good at his age. um top tier
I think among Democrats nationally, not
just like a New York thing. Like you
know they say like Chuck Schumer should
be afraid of AOC. Maybe he shouldn't
just be afraid of AOC. I'm just saying.
But anyway, I thought that he really
made the most of that appearance on Fox.
He is a master at staying on message. Uh
and and as he's staying on message and
talking about affordability, talking
about prices and everything, constantly
hitting Cuomo, also hitting Donald Trump
right there. and he's right to do so
considering the constant threats that
Trump has been making against New York
City if Mam Donnie wins, which Trump has
reiterated recently, saying that he's
going to cut off federal funding if the
people of New York choose a candidate he
disagrees with, which is probably a
blade that can cut both ways. You know,
maybe Florida has a governor that we
disagree with at some point under a
Democratic president. Maybe we just
screw over the entirety of Florida. Is
that a game ma that you want to play?
But anyway, Mandani did a great job, I
think. Yaz, what did you make of it?
>> Yeah, I mean, we were just talking about
in the last story about the bench,
right? This is the bench. Maybe this is
what it looks like. And maybe people
like him and AOC will uh rebrand what it
means to be a politician or at least
what it means to be a representative of,
you know, your district. So people, you
know, are more encouraged. You know, I
don't have to be an old man to be a
politician. I don't have to be an old
man to be in Congress. I can be a young
whatever I am and have a shot at this.
And I will say being a politician
after I tried to encourage people to run
for office uh it does seem very very
hard. It seems very difficult. It does
seem at times to be a thankless job. But
you do have to have a lot going on,
right? You have to know your policies.
You have to be intelligent about it. You
have to know what you're what you're
selling to the people. You have to be
able to speak on so many different
topics intelligently. But then you also
have to do the public facing side of
things, right? You have to be able to go
on these talk shows and to to speak
directly to the things that you're
trying to promote while also dodging the
things that they're trying to throw at
you. And that is no easy task, right?
Anybody who can do that, I am always
very very impressed with them. Zoron
Mandani is Yeah, I would say he's maybe
even better than AOC at doing that. And
he has less experience in the public eye
doing especially doing interviews with
that could be contentious potentially
like on Fox News. So very impressive and
yeah who it looks like this mayor race
is going to go in his favor but let's
say it doesn't he does for sure have a
future somewhere else and also uh there
was that time when Kla Harris uh didn't
want to outwardly endorse Soran Mani
because of course she wouldn't and what
she kept saying was you know what
there's other stuff going on around the
country you know there's more besides
New York City I know New York thinks
that everything's about them but there's
a lot going on let's look at like
Louisiana, whatever she said. And um she
I I she's right, you know, like not
everything revolves around New York
City, but at the same time, like it's
very obvious what she was doing. and she
doesn't want to align herself with the
progressive, but she also doesn't want
it to look as though the future of the
progressive part of of the Democratic
party is progressive and that the future
is people like Zoron Mumdani and that
the just the possibility that someone
like Zoron Mdani can win the mayoral
race in the biggest city in the country,
one of the biggest cities in the world,
is very, very scary for the Democrats.
And I think for leftists that should be
incredibly encouraging because now if
there's a time to pounce it's probably
now.
>> Yeah. I I'm sure that some of them are
scared and it's always strange that like
people showing how the Democrats can
become popular and win is is scary to
the party. That's it really shows you
where their priorities are. So we we
highlighted Bernie and AOC now Mam
Donnie. Uh in the aftermath we're going
to be talking about Graham Platner.
there are some people that are breaking
through and there's a lot of I think
common threads between them. So anyway,
we want to make sure that we're not
just, you know, checking the baddies.
We're also acknowledging the goodies
even though we also have to acknowledge
and this is just this is one of the
reasons perhaps that people like like
these don't go on a lot of leftist
shows. People don't necessarily watch
videos like this. Like people get fired
up over the bad stuff, the contentious
stuff, people being terrible, people
being productive. like we like it and it
wins elections. It doesn't necessarily
generate a lot of attention online,
which is sort of an issue. It's
fundamentally an issue of these
platforms and the way they work and the
way they try to keep us constantly
enraged and divided. But it's also
something that is true.
[Music]
If you enjoyed that, make sure that you
never miss another video by subscribing.
And if you want a little more, consider
hitting the join button and becoming an
actual member. But you're probably
wondering, why the hell would I do that,
John? First off, calm down. The stakes
in this are very, very low. But also,
when you click the join button and you
become a member, you get access to bonus
content that I make every week, and it's
a ton of fun. You get access to tons of
custom emojis and more besides that. By
the way, if you join at tier 3, you even
get access to a monthly member hangout
with myself and other awesome people,
and we always have a great time. By the
way, you'll get all that going forward,
but you also unlock years of the back
catalog. That is literally a hundred or
more bonus clips, top 10 list, debates,
and more. What are you waiting for?
Click the join button below. Your
support powers our show, and we couldn't
do it without you. Or the very least, I
wouldn't really want to try. Viewers
like you keep me here. So, thank you in
advance for joining.