If you look at Fleetwood on a tea, this
is his natural posture.
He's not like he's standing like this
and then going into the golf ball like
that. This is his natural posture.
Stepping over the balls of his feet, you
know? He's really getting everything
over the golf ball. If I were to take a
picture there, I know that my ideal
posture is when my fingertips are about
3 in past my toes. Okay? My armpit would
fall in line with about right behind the
grip. Aim, which we went through in
great detail. how you set the club down
in the proper posture. Now, I think this
is really interesting because if you
look at some players on tour,
you know, they're much more like this,
right? And then you take Fleetwood,
right, who's very round, right? Well, if
you if you look at Fleetwood on a tea,
this is his natural posture.
He's not like he's standing like this
and then going into the golf ball like
that. This is his natural posture,
right? And so, again, I'm such a big
believer in natural because natural is
tensionfree. And so like your shoulders
are a little more forward than mine. I'm
going to walk in. I want to say this
about posture. Two things control how
far you stand for the ball. Your
connection point, your balance point.
I'll see a lot of amateurs walk in and
they go they unplug.
Exactly.
And so I'll say plug in just to pretend
that you have electric plugs on the top
of your biceps and you have wall sockets
on your rib cage. And I literally before
you set the club down, I want you to
plug in.
So if you plug in, just maintain that.
And if you drop the club to the butt of
your butt of your club to your belt
buckle and step in and stay plugged in
as you set the club down, I don't care
if you've got a driver. I show people
all this all the time. You got Ernie
Ellis hitting a driver and then Ernie's
hitting iron or Tiger Woods. There's
it's almost the exact same plug in,
right? Just maybe a little more out with
a driver, but not much. But bottom line
is they're not disconnecting. You see
amateurs all the time walk in and they
go like this, right? And so your
distance from the golf ball is going to
be off. I I define it as, okay, here's
the midpoint. Here's a seam of my shirt,
the right side of my body, the trail
side. I want to see that same point that
Todd connected where I'm plugging in is
the midpoint right there between those
two. Okay, we do we were having our
players grip exactly where they would
with that right hand point at the belt
buckle and just letting that get to the
ground. And as soon as they were there,
you know, leaving your upper body where
it is. And of course, you know, taking
your grip, it's it can relax a little
bit and doesn't have to be anchored to
my body. But notice when I do that, what
looks like it's just there the whole
time.
And that's me setting up exactly how I
would. Okay. One thing, and I'll point
out your plugin is really, it's up here.
It's not your It is not jammed in. It's
plugged in. And you see what is the most
one of the most common things you see on
tour is guys still, they even play
sometimes. You see them kind of push
that short sleeve up or put a glove
under there when they're practicing.
Why? They're just trying to make sure
that they're plugged in. And the glove,
by the way, isn't at the elbow, right?
It's at the armpit, right? That's the
plugins. What I love about when you were
back here and you were sighting the
club, the other thing you were doing
because you were standing up with the
club in front of you
is your body was in a better posture.
It's in its natural posture.
So that when you focus down on the golf
ball and you finally take a step and
turn to the side and then turn, this is
the big point. The big point is the way
you got the club on the ground from this
position. I always say let the club
where the grip drops down till it's at
your belt. And now just bend from the
hips until it hits the ground. Right?
And so if you do that, if you kind of
create your natural posture right here,
right? Like I like to pull my shoulders
back a little bit after my rotator cuff
surgery. So I kind of protect them a
little bit. But when you bend from the
hip joint, it creates your natural
posture. And you know, like I said,
Fleetwood's gonna look rounder than some
players on tour that are sharper. So
that's correct for those players. The
key is they're bending from the hip
joint. Todd, do that again. See how he's
really hip joint in line with ankle
there. You notice how there's no sit
back here because he's stepping over the
balls of his feet. You know, he's really
getting everything over the golf ball.
And some simple, you know, I always say
some I always say some simple human
being terms, right? You know, if you had
a tea stuck to your sternum, right?
We're just kind of pointing that more
down towards the golf ball and doing
that from the waist like you're bowing
from the waist. Not doing that with
simply just I call it the old man
posture, right? Where you get people
sitting back, their bottom vertebrae is
vertical and then they tilt from here.
That's right. Notice how he's doing
that. He's very straightlegged at first,
rolling right over into the ball of his
foot. He's leaving that point at his
belt buckle, letting the club hit the
ground with the forward tilt,
and then building the posture for there,
keeping the weight up in the front of
his feet.
Plug in. So that's that's crucial. And
guys, I mean, this is important to
understand. Todd just, you know, not to
jump ahead, but I'm just going to talk
about something. You guys understand
that we build connection from the ground
up. Three components of connection at
Porzac Golf that we always talk about.
Okay? We talk about club in front of
hands,
hands in front of body,
and where the pressure in your feet is
at the given times the club and the
hands are in those spots. So, when I
have somebody set up correctly, starting
with the hip joint over the ankle, okay,
you can see I have 50% of my weight
here, 50% of my weight there, hips right
over the ankle. If I were to tilt
forward, I'm 100% on this side. Right
now, when I flex my knees, I'm flexing
downward, keeping my hip joint over my
ankle, not sitting back on the bar
stool. Now, what that does is it gives
me now a 7030 feeling. That helps me
build connection from the ground up. So
many players start back here and then
either over rotate their body too soon
because the weight's already back in the
heels by the time the golf club's only
halfway back and then they're lifting
their arms up the rest of the way. And
that's not the bow and arrow being
pulled back to maximum tension at the
top of the swing. I thought this was a
good of a good visual for us to look at
because this is two guys who do a great
job of everything that Todd and I are
looking for you guys to do. It looks as
if Cam has a little bit straighter legs.
Looks as if Adam Scott's flexed a little
bit more. But one thing I want our
players to see and I want all the
viewers to see. Look at the hip joint to
ankle remain the same. Look at the
shoulders past the toes. But I wanted
you guys to see the lower body and how
that works. That's Adam Scott flexing
more but still maintaining the hip joint
where it is. And all I'm trying to show
you guys there that I see this, this is
the most common thing I see. Somebody
flexes to engage and they flex sitting
back. And that is just a recipe for
everything swinging around their body,
for their hip opening too soon and
opening the door for an inside takeaway.
And then everything, as Todd would say,
then has to be manipulated from that
point on in order to get back into the
correct spot. So when we start off
straight, 50% here, 50% there, keep the
hip joint over the ankle, bend over the
belt line, flex down. Okay, the big
checkpoints that we've created for our
players when they draw two lines is
seeing that hip joint stay over the
ankle, seeing and memorizing if they
hang their hands down. And I love this,
Todd. I use this not only in putting,
but in the swing, too. Hanging the hands
down. Todd gave me this checkpoint when
I was younger to check the train track
of my golf swing, which are my
shoulders, not my feet. Okay? The
shoulders are going to be the train
track of that stroke, especially in
putting.
Okay? But I put the hands down and it
always showed me if my hands are square.
If I were to take a picture there, I
know that my ideal posture is when my
fingertips are about 3 in past my toes.
Okay? My armpit would fall in line with
about right behind the toes of my feet
and the balls of my feet. That's right
here. But I memorize that visual. I see
those two lines all the time every
single time I set up. And that right
there has helped me memorize where I
should be and help me check myself. But
the biggest thing is connection from the
ground up. When it starts in the
appropriate spot, it's going to be where
it needs to be. I want that weight
arriving in the heel at the same time my
body's done turning, at the same time my
arms and hands are done swinging. The
Hideki Matsuyama drill that Butch had
Tiger do for so long that you had me do.
Well, the thing about that drill, if
you're not connected from the ground up,
you're going to look down at that golf
ball from a frozen position at the top
and go, "There is no way I can hit this
golf ball." I've gotten to a point where
I almost hit it farther doing that drill
than not. And the reason being is
because I'm understanding what Todd's
teaching here. I'm understanding that
connection starts with this setup. This
presets everything. We're going to talk
in a second about how the face on view
can help you make a better turn. And I
have we have I know you have some great
things there.
Yeah. You know, we're going to talk
about that loading versus spinning.
Yeah.
And we'll talk about that and how the
setup promotes that. But right now, it's
important. We have the grip.
We have how to get the face down and
aim. We have a process on how to help
you do that.
The next thing is, as you said, posture
and how he's getting into the golf shot.
I love what Todd said, and here's the
big thing. If this line's here and then
you tilt down to the ground, even if
you're too close, you leave your upper
body where it is and then just find the
balls of your feet there. Okay? That's
the nice thing about this. It doesn't
matter if you step too, you know, too
close or whatnot. And people go, "Well,
how do I know exactly how to step in?"
No, you don't. Just just get over it.
Get the club down to the golf ball.
There's me. I'm just finding where the
balls of my feet should be. And I just
feel for me the majority of my weight
would be on this side of the alignment
rod. And I do like my students putting
an alignment rod down on the ground,
defining where the middle of their feet
is, and giving themselves a little bit
of understanding about where the
majority of that is.
At Porzac Golf, we take a lot of pride
in having developed some of the best and
most consistent golf swings on the
planet. We do this through simplicity.
Our full swing masterass will take you
on a step-by-step, easy to understand
process on how to get your golf swing
better than ever. Join the many before
you who've utilized our full swing
master class to take their games to the
next level and beyond.
[Music]