Fellow tennis nerds, I hope you are
well. I have been testing two different
blacked out rackets. They look like
this. Excuse the overgrip. I bought the
wrong color. And um this and I actually
have a third one here, but there's two
different models. And like this. This is
the 100 square in. The other ones are
the 98 square in. It's not a huge
mystery of what this is. You might have
seen it on Beckett's channel, Tencom, or
some other reviewer maybe who have tried
these. It's the Dunlop FX version 3.
Dunlop FX is the power racket from
Dunlop. They have it endorsed by players
like Jack Draper who plays with the
Dunlop Rickson Revo CV3.0.
That's his original frame that they
paint like this. And we have Alex Aprin
using the 98 tour, I would say, the
previous generation. We have Mimir
Kitmanovich using the FX500 going from
the Dunlop SX, which is their spin
racket. And we have a friend of the
podcast, Felix Mishker, who is playing
prolevel events with the FX500 Tour as
well. So, two rackets, 198 square in
Tour, more for control, still some pop,
lower stiffness if you check the specs,
and then the 500, which is more like a
pure drive, more power, bit more spin
potential, easier to use, but also
easier to miss. So, those are the two
rackets I've been testing. And like
Beckett did in mention in his video, I
really like these rackets. These rackets
are very good. Rarely I get like a
complete home run sensation when I test
a racket. This time I did, and we'll get
into why. So, one thing that stands out
straight away with these rackets um are
the grommets that go zigzag in a weird
pattern like a nine grommets in the
crosses. Usually, you do stuff with the
main string grommets because you want to
extend the mains to get more snapback
spin potential and more power longer
main strings. But in this case, they're
doing something with the grommets, with
the zigzag pattern. And of course, I
have no product description. I don't
know why they are doing this. Your guess
is as good as mine. So, put your guesses
in the comments. Why are the grommets
zigzag? I don't know why 100%, but I do
know that I like the result because um
this racket and the small brother 98 do
provide good stability, good power, good
feel overall. Pretty good pocketing for
this type of racket. It's not going to
be a field racket. and still some spin
potential. Like it's not, you know, an
arrow, but it's not all the wave just a
pure drive either. It feels like it
lands in between if we talk about the
500. And same goes for the Tour model.
So, very interesting rackets. 500 being
stiffer and the Tour model being a bit
softer uh where you have to be able to
generate a bit more uh much easier to
use the 500 than the Tour, but I like
both a lot. So, very curious what this
will be when it's released. I would say
November, December is what I heard they
will release. The new FX500 V3. It's
maybe a strange time to release rackets.
Could be good before Christmas. Uh
usually you want maybe to release at the
Australian Open, like before the the
weeks before Australian Open, but yeah,
what do I know? But that would be um
sensible. But then of course you miss
the Christmas sale. It will be probably
blue or purple or something like that
like most power rackets are. Competitors
uh Pure Drive, Bubble, Pure Drive,
Wilson Ultra. We have head being a bit
tricky to pinpoint, but it should be the
boom, but I don't think it's quite the
same because boom is a lot more flexible
in feel and a little bit more springy as
such. And we have the Onyx ESO. Those
are the main power rackets from other
brands that compete. Technifiber, they
they have a spin and power racket in the
TFX1, which will change name next
release. So, um those are power rackets.
I would say these hold up really well
and compete with the drive and with the
EON, which are my two favorite ones. And
I would put these ones on an equal
footing uh based on my experience play
testing these. I've tried a bunch of
strings. I've tried customization. I've
tried many different setups and I kind
of like it no matter what. But of
course, many rackets are string
sensitive. And I did like the kind of
explosive speed, the round Dunlop
string, the black string the most. And
in the 500, I felt like I needed to
string it a little bit higher because it
has a lot of power. Swing weight is what
it should be pretty much around like
320. On this one, I added a little bit
of weight to experiment up at 12 to get
it closer to 330. Then you get even more
power and more stability, but uh it can
be played in stock form, the 500. So,
this would be my favorite by a hair. It
is very easy to use. I've handed it out
to uh different levels of players, my
friend Daniel and my friend Andre. They
both loved it. Daniel's playing with the
Pure Drive. Andre is playing with the
Gravity Tour 98. two very different
rackets, but they did really like the FX
so much that they said, "Hey, give it
take it back because I don't want to
play with it this anymore. I get too
tempted to switch." So that's the issue
when you're testing a lot of rackets. So
the 500 is easy to use, has good
stability, good power, decent feel,
string pattern, interesting some spin,
but not crazy. You can still control the
ball well. This is the kind of FX style
pattern. Quite a lot more open in the
sides, very dense in the middle. A
little bit of an interesting one. To my
eye, it looks a bit strange, but it
plays really, really nicely. I do like
it a lot. The FX500, when we go to the
FX500, Tour has a lot lower stiffness, a
bit more arm friendly in that sense. You
do need to provide your own power. I do
feel like with the previous generations,
you need to add some weight to it. This
is something I felt strongly that you
need a bit more beefing up. At 12, maybe
a few grams of lead or at three and nine
or both if you want a beast. But it's a
power racket. The swing weight coming in
stock is usually around like 315 strong.
So that is going to be quite low and in
need of some weight, but when you add
weight, it does provide you with some
good spin and good power. Not the launch
angle of an A98, but not that far away
either. It's kind of straddling that
power spin category pretty well. I think
both Dunlops, the S6 and the FX are both
quite similar, although different. So
they are like not super far out in each
category. like the power category for
the FX or this category for the SX, but
they're both good rackets in their own
right. The FX line that's coming out
now, version three, will be my favorite.
The 500 was my favorite. Easy to
generate power, just easy racket to use.
You can shorten your swing and get loads
on the ball and also room for
customization, but if you need more
control, the 500 Tour with some weight
will be your best buddy. It's a very
good racket. I can't really knock them.
Okay, they don't have the drop shot
magic of the arrow that I'm using
regularly or um the feel of a prestige
or all these things, but for what it is,
I would rather pick up the 500 Tour than
the EON 98 today and the Drive 98. So, I
think this is my favorite Power 98 right
now. I'm an Air98 user. Kind of addicted
to that one, but these rackets really
impressed me. I'm really keen to see the
cosmetic and uh the technology, what
they meant with the zigzag pattern on
the crosses. if it was to extend sweet
spot, add power, all this jazz. But
they've done something very, very good
here, Dunlop. So, kudos to them. Keep
your eyes open if you're into power
rackets. So, great frames. Well done,
Dunlop. I was really happy to take part
in this uh prototype. I wouldn't say
it's a prototype. It's a blacked out
racket. So, I'm very impressed by the FX
version 3 coming out December most
likely. But I will keep you posted and
you will get more information on
tenniser.net as well as a written
review. So, always check back there.
Keep following us on Instagram. And if
you want to support Tennis Nerd and get
more content, you become a member on
YouTube or Patreon. Thanks for watching.
Have a nice day and don't forget to play
some tennis.