So lads, it's it might end up happening.
It might end up happening. So a lot of
people have have been um sharing have
been showing me this post here and I got
shared this quite a lot and I don't
think it means anything but it does mean
something.
Look, Angel Reese
is for for whatever you say about Angel
Reese, you can like her or you can hate
her. She's not dumb. She's not dumb when
it comes to her brand. When it comes to
making sure that people see what she
wants them to see, she is super smart
from a marketing perspective. She is
unbelievably smart.
And
this is something that
obviously is going to be taken one way.
She tweets a or wings.
She's probably has a deal with Buffalo
Wild Wings or something, but there's a
million different ways that she could
have posted a hint without that.
There are ways that she could have
posted a hint or something about it that
didn't involve making a sound like she's
talking about Angel, especially when
people were using the Aore Wings
hashtag. When Angel had the falling out
of the sky,
she used that same hashtag
and
that's all people are talking about is
the wings.
Angel and Paige.
I mean,
I think the Wings are the most likely
team. I think if the Wings don't get the
number one pick, if the Wings get the
number one pick, funnily enough, like I
think no matter what happens, the Wings
are going to draft the same player and
it's going to be Awafam. I think they're
going to draft the same player no matter
what. But the optics of giving away the
number one pick for Awafam in a trade
for Angel Ree is the optics are worse
than giving up the number two pick for
injuries. If you get the number two
pick, even though you're going to take
the same player and then if you're the
sky, you're banking on Olivia Miles
being there, too. Or you're going to
take like a flaw J and just go full
combo card, but Angel Reese is almost
certainly going to be traded from the
sky. And the Dallas Wings pick is the
most obvious trade. But the Dallas Wings
could also make a really good trade that
I wouldn't make. Personally, I would
trade their high pick this year because
unpopular opinion,
I think Zaza James on a on three more
years of sub 100k is worth more than
getting a first overall pick on 250k max
free. like these rookie deals are
currently free basically, but for the
Wings to get Angel Reese without um
without giving up the top two or three
pick that they have in the draft,
they're probably going to have to give
up um
Zaza
Louisa via sign and trade because I
think she's reserved free agent. She
might be 100k. Lisaza, Louisa, JJ
Quinterly, Maddie Seagris, and the Aces
next pick. Basically, they'll have to
give everybody. Maybe take Maybe they
keep Louisa. Maybe they keep Louisa.
It'll be Maddie, Zaza, JJ Quinterly, and
the pick and you might have to throw
Diamond Miller in that and the Aces or
say and maybe their pick and the Aces
2027 pick like it's because 2027 draft
might be a lot weaker without Guju. Um,
as we saw with them not tanking and
getting rid of Chris Klanis, um, the
reason why they got rid of Chris Chris
Klan is when they did, they got rid of
Chris Klan two days after Juju Watkins
announced she was red shirting or she
wasn't playing the season. So, the
expectation is that she's not going to
be there till 2027. So, if she was or
208, if she was going 2027, if you're
Dallas, you just need to tank one more
year. So, you don't make you draft, you
take your draft pick, you get Chris
Klanis, you keep them in. Chris Klan is
not going to win you games. um you just
try to build around young players for
another year. However, now you're in win
now mode and you can have a win now mode
where you can bring in an Angel Ree
where look a lot of people are going to
want a lot of players want to play with
Angel Ree because of what she can do on
the floor. They just don't want to play
in Chicago even though as bad as Dallas
is it's better in Chicago. So suddenly
you've got Paige, you've got Angel, and
you've got unlimited cap space. So, you
need one other all-star.
You need like an all-star.
Did I have another pick this year? No.
But like you can very easily go with
that lineup and say, "Cool, we will pay
Julie Alamond. We'll give you we'll give
you half a max. If the max is a million,
we'll give Julie Alamon, we'll give you
500k. You go play to one." Um, and then
go to every single all-star wing and try
to get any of them. Doesn't matter who
it is. Get any all-star wing that's not
too ball dominant. Offer Caleb McBride
every center to max. Offer
Bridget Carlton. Maybe Bridget Carlton
could probably do the job. And then keep
Louisa, keep Angel, and then you can
stack your bench and suddenly you're not
contenders, but you're in the playoffs
with with a good coach. Doesn't have to
be Sandy Brando, but you're you've got
that. And I still do think
that Angel Ree, she's smart enough to
know. Maybe she's not hinting anything,
but she's smart enough to know it's
going to cause a social media kind of
storm. And look, I do think that of
all the teams that are actually in for
Angel Ree, the only one that really
makes sense is if she goes to the Dallas
Wings. They're the only team that has
the assets that has the actual assets.
Some people literally have said I saw
what was it the trades where one of them
was like um the Toronto Tempo will trade
the seventh pick and they'll let them
keep who they were taking in the
expansion draft which is probably nobody
which is probably nobody.
Um
cuz they don't Oh, sorry. And they'll
probably take Aisha Cififica in that. Uh
maybe not. Maybe like protect Ca.
But like that's what they were saying
for Angel Reese. I'm like man, it's
going to take a lot because these like
if you are currently on if you've got
multiple years left on the preca rookie
deals, your contract's gold dust. like
a player like Z like I would tra like
Zaza James versus
Easy Fud or FJ Johnson like I would take
three years of Za Zaza James over Fawj
because Zaza's on a quarter of the money
like she allow Zaza will allow you to
bring in an extra player like if you've
got so many on those old rookie deals
you can bring in players why the fever
are such an going to be still such an
attractive free agency destination
because they've got two max slot free.
Um, but yeah, it's a it is an
interesting one. And Angel knows what
she's doing. She knows what she's doing.
She knows what she's doing.
Um, I don't know. Um,
oh, is this Wait, is the wings for the
Victoria Secret thing?
Oh, it probably is. Somebody actually
said it there. You just saw an ad. Nice.
Still still. If it um if that's what it
is, if that's what it is, there's a
million different ways she could have
she could have um said it other than a
wings. If nothing else, she's
staring. If nothing else, she is
staring.
and um
trying to cause uproar like trying to
cause
a conversation on social media and let's
be real, let's be real, she does not
want to be in Chicago the way it
currently is. So, um yeah, it's a
it's one of those things where
she's definitely um
she's definitely smart. um in getting
relevance from something like this. But
we have to talk about this because let's
be completely honest, I think she want I
think she would want to play for the
Wings and I also think the Wings really
could do with her. If only they just had
a drafted her instead of JC Shelton. If
only. Anyway, I'll see you guys.