Today's video is going to blow your mind
because it is going to give you that
instant hit of ball striking pure
goodness. So, if you're a golfer whose
down swing looks like this, where your
arms are massively behind you, we call
this a casted look to your down swing or
it's also termed as where a golfer gets
stuck. From here, you are never going to
be able to compress the ball. You're
going to flip, scoot, shank, do
everything under the sun besides hit the
ball pure. But if you fix this, if you
learn to get your arms across you in the
down swing, if you learn to get them
into that tour level lag position, that
delivery position that just screams
you're going to hit the ball pure, then
from there, you are going to transform
your ball striking. So, in this video,
the big key thing we're talking about is
how the arms move. Now, the first thing
that we need to define is something that
I like to call the midline. And this is
going to be our reference point
throughout our whole swing. So the
midline is going to be the center of the
chest down to the belly button down to
the belt buckle. So very much the center
of my torso. Now if I get set up to the
golf ball just like this, you will see
my right and left arm relative to my
center line or my midline is essentially
either side of it. So my right arm's
down the trail side of it. My left arm's
down the lead side of it. Now, if I turn
to the top of the back swing and pause
up here, what you'll notice is that my
left arm has crossed this midline and my
right arm has worked further away from
it. So, essentially, if I just do it in
the most basic form possible, which is
up in front of me, I have taken my arms
from this position and in the back
swing, I have moved my arms around my
spine to my right. For a right-handed
golfer, they are now offset slightly to
the right of this midline. My left arm
has worked across my midline. My trail
arm has worked away from it. And this is
the bit most amateurs get wrong is when
your arms are to the trail side of your
midline, if you do not get them working
back across, we call this adduction,
moving towards the midline, abduction,
moving it away. If you do not do that
motion, you are always going to have
your arm stuck behind you. You have to
learn to get your arms working across
you on the way down. And then you can
rip your body through as hard as
possible. If you look at examples like
Ludvigberg or Charles How the third or
Rory, you will see this. They get their
arms moving across their midline super
super fast. So the example that I'm
going to use in today's video is Charles
How theI. I've got a face on and down
the line view. If I now draw his midline
on from the center of his chest through
his belt buckle and his belly button and
then draw a line down his left arm and
down his trail arm, you can see how both
arms sit either side of the midline. If
I now take Charles from the down the
line view to the top of the back swing
and I redraw those lines on. So, let's
start with that midline. We can
obviously see it's rotated. We can see
his left arm has moved across his chest
right there. And his trail arm has
worked across and away from that
midline. So he is in a position where he
has moved his arms to the right hand
side of that midline. He's worked his
arms around his spine angle. Now when
we're in this position, it's really
important that we understand that we now
need to undo this on the way down. So,
if I now take Charles from this face on
video down into impact or let's just go
a frame before impact here. So, we can
see he's in a great delivery position.
His left arm has started to work back
across that midline. It's not fully
there yet, but it's started that process
and the right arm has actually worked
closer to the midline than where it was
at the top. You can see how his right
elbow here is starting to get across the
rib cage. It started that process. Now,
if I take Charles one frame further
down, just past impact right here on the
video I have, you can see if I draw his
midline on right here, how the lead arm
is completely past it now. And you can
see how the trail arm has continued to
close up the gap. So, what we can say is
Charles has taken his arms from setup to
the top of back swing, worked them to
the right of his midline. as he's come
down, he's worked them back in front of
his midline. And from this down the line
view, if I now take Charles all the way
into the follow through, you can see
here, if I redraw these lines on, here
is Charles's midline. Here is Charles's
left arm. You can see his left arm has
worked away from that midline, and his
right arm has eventually crossed over.
So, what he has done is he has moved his
arms around his spine angle incredibly.
So, now that we've dived into that in
some detail, let me actually run you
through what this looks like when
hitting a shot. So, I'm just going to
break this down into sort of two
sections. Getting the arms in front of
me and then hitting the shot. So, if I
just set up here just for demonstration
purposes, if I swing to the top,
obviously you can see my hands are moved
to the trail side of my midline, to the
right hand side of that midline. Now, in
the down swing, as I'm shifting, I want
to be able to pull my left arm past that
midline and then away from it. and my
trail arm towards that midline. If I do
that really nicely, you'll see it gets
me in a position like this. But under
the grip is relatively in line with the
golf ball. I have a nine iron right
here. So that would very much be part
one. There is some acceleration to the
hands right here. Now from here, part
two would then be activating the lever
system, which is learning to release the
club down. Now, if you want a video on
that part, honestly, I can solve your
chicken wing. I can solve your release
so easily with that movement. If you
want a video, comment down below. If I
get enough comments, I'll make that
video. So, now we know the concept. Now,
we've actually got to go through how to
train this. So, what we're going to do
is substitute the golf club for an
alignment stick. The reason being is I
like to train this one arm at a time.
And alignment stick is super light, so
you can swish it around your body really
nicely. So, if I get set up here, and
again, we remember we're looking at the
midline right here. Take the alignment
stick with your lead hand. Place your
trail hand behind your back. Now from
here, I just want you to take a step
back with your right foot. So the toe is
in line with the lead heel. Now from
there, just straighten that right leg
ever so slightly. Lead leg's going to
have a little bit more weight in it. The
reason I do this is it stops me kicking
this right side out and it just helps me
exaggerate the feeling of getting my
arms across my midline and around me to
the left so I can deliver that shaft
lean. So, here's what you're going to
do. Place your trail hand behind your
back. We're going to train the lead arm
to start with. So, we're going to swing
to the top. Get that nice turn. Left arm
for me has worked across the midline.
It's worked across the midline here.
Now, without feeling like you turn
because we're exaggerating this here,
pull the left arm across you. So, the
left hand is in line with the left leg
as the shaft is parallel to the ground.
Notice how relative to my midline, my
left arm has worked back across and away
from it. So, it's here to there, here to
there, and you will physically feel that
arm start to work away. Now, how much in
reality is it going to do that in the
down swing? So, from the top of the back
swing to impact, the left arm will work
about 20° on average, around 20° in a
great golf swing. So, do that a couple
times here to there. Make sure the shaft
is parallel to the ground at the lead
leg point when the hands in line with
the lead leg. Do that a couple times.
Now, from here, now we're going to
rotate and we're going to feel this hand
go around me to the left as if I'm
trying to hold an umbrella as far away
from me as possible here. So, it goes to
the top. One, lead hand in line with the
lead leg at sharp parallel to the
ground. Two, around me to the left. You
can see this creates rotation. If I do
this with my right hand, checkpoint's
going to be slightly different. So, same
to the top. Now, I'm going to take my
right arm and bring it to my midline.
And this is where the hand is going to
be basically in line with my midline
right here or the center of the stance
as the shaft's parallel to the ground.
And then from here I'll turn and exit it
around me to the left as if I'm trying
to hold an umbrella away from me. So to
the top, one, two to the top. One,
two. Do it in one fluid motion.
Same stuff. So, one to the top or to the
top. One down to this position. Left
hand in line with the lead leg. That is
an overexaggeration, but that's what
we're doing here. Trail arms in line
with the middle of my stance or my
midline. And then two around me to the
left. Now, if you're wondering if this
is applicable to you, then I do online
coaching on the Skillist app. I'm
offering a free evaluation to any golfer
out there. Just head on over there.
Links down below in the description. And
also if you don't want to jump into full
coaching where we can actually fix this
then we can go into that there. So we
can fix this within a week if you follow
the right program which I can take you
through. So now we've done that with an
alignment stick. Now let's bring the
golf club back in. And again I want you
to actually So now let's hit some shots
doing this exercise. So I'm going to get
set up here. I like to drop that trail
foot back in that situation. Just gives
me more space to move my arms across the
body. My key thought is getting my arms
at least to the midline and then
eventually across my midline as I do
this swing before I start to rotate.
It's just a good exaggeration. Arms to
and across the midline before I start to
rotate. Once I get them to the midline,
then I can turn as hard as I want. Let
me hit you a shot here. So, I'm going to
really feel like I can get my arms
across me.
So now the final step is to bring that
trail foot back. So if I get set up here
again, I'm going to do my rehearsal
swings. Now I go to the top. I feel like
I try and get my left and right arm to
the midline or if anything slightly past
it as I come into this delivery
position. Rehearse getting my hands in
front of me, my right arm's in front of
me before I feel like I start to really
rotate. Once I get to this position now,
I can rotate as much as I like. And if I
play this back in slow motion, you'll
see how much shaft lean I'm able to
generate at impact because of this.
So if I play that swing back in slow
motion, you will see how I was able to
get my arms across my body beautifully
there. Now, if you want more one-to-one
help, obviously check out the online
coaching page, but I am doing golf
schools in December in Orlando. This is
a two-day golf school purely built
around impact and ball flight. So
strike, it's a one-of-a-kind, never been
done before golf school. Uh, and I do it
with a colleague of mine, Trevor Salman,
who is a tour coach, and it is the
ultimate ball striking goal scorer. You
do not want to miss it. And like always,
if you have enjoyed today's video, then
please give the video a like and the
channel a subscribe. And I hope to see
you back here