The market crash of 2026.
Are you prepared? This is probably one
of the most important topics to be
discussed right now. Are we headed for a
major crash coming next year? With war
escalating, interest rates being kept
super high, and a housing market ready
to pop, things are not looking good. And
so in this video, we'll be covering the
five warning signs that all say a major
crash is coming our way. Then we'll
cover the most important decision every
investor needs to make before the end of
the year. However, then we'll finish
with the good news, which is how you can
win no matter what happens. And this is
using the strategy of the world's
greatest investor, Warren Buffett. Okay,
so first up, let's jump into the major
red flags, which all say to me that next
year could be a very nasty year for
investors.
So, starting with red flag number one,
and what do we have? Well, this is the
Buffett indicator. And it was called
this because Warren Buffett said this is
probably the best way to know whether
the stock market is overvalued or
undervalued at any given time. And quite
simply, it divides the stock market by
GDP. And if we put in the historical
average, then it's all the way down
here. So this would be what is called
fair value. And when it's below this
line, it means the stock market is
undervalued. And when it's above this
line, it means stocks are overvalued.
Now, this was the dot bubble here, which
went all the way to 162% before a major
crash. This was the great financial
crisis, which did actually bring it back
below the historical average. However,
this is the absolute tear that the stock
market has been on ever since. And in
fact, it did top out at 220%
before a nice big pullback. However,
we're still very close to these all-time
highs, [snorts] almost 200%.
So, this is saying that stocks are
really overvalued right now. And the
thing to watch is what happens in Q4
because Q4 tends to be the strongest
quarter for stocks. So if the stock
market goes on absolute tear into the
end of the year, this would be a major
warning sign.
The second has to do with Jerome Powell,
the Federal Reserve and the Fed's funds
rate. So interest rates are being kept
at historically high levels. Now
interest rates when they were down here.
So this is near to 0% and this is
amazing for businesses because money is
cheap. So everyone can borrow money
including businesses to get massive
growth. So this is when risk assets tend
to sore. However, the flip side is when
interest rates are very high and this is
like a big handbreak on the economy. It
makes it hard to borrow money, which is
why businesses struggle. And who employs
the people? Businesses. So, there's a
big knock-on effect. And you'll see
these gray bars here. This is when the
economy goes into recession. And you'll
notice it's after peak rates. And it's
actually after when the Fed starts
cutting. This is normally being too late
and it goes into recession and then he
has to cut very very quickly. Same thing
here. These were terminal rates and it's
actually when he starts cutting. The Fed
historically is late in cutting rates
and it's after the Fed starts cutting
that it's often too late. it goes into
recession which is why they have to cut
very very quickly. And it's the same
thing here. We've had terminal rates
here and it's actually when they start
cutting is when the problems start. So
this is the second warning flag.
Number three, and amazingly this is a
100year
technical analysis chart. And here is
the trend line going all the way back to
the major crash in 1929.
This is when there was an epic crash in
the stock market. Then the trend line
takes us all the way up to the dot
bubble here where it touched before
getting a major historic crash. And then
lo and behold, almost 100 years later,
we are right back up kissing this trend
line once again. So just another red
flag indicating this could be the next
major crash.
Number four has to do with the housing
market. And if we adjust for inflation,
this is how unaffordable house prices
are in the US right now. This was the
previous bubble in 2006. This is how
high it got before the major crash in
housing. However, look at where we are
right now. Again, housing markets
screaming major bubble, much bigger than
the last. And then finally,
this has to do with the crypto market.
You see, Bitcoin and the crypto market
has been going through very distinct
four-year cycles. 3 years of massive
runs before a major crash down. 3 years
of a massive run before a major crash
down. 3 years of a major run before a
big crash down. And we are just about to
go into Q4. And this is saying that 2026
is the year where there's going to be a
major crash in crypto and Bitcoin. And
[snorts] Bitcoin tends to be a leading
indicator. So add all these together.
These are the five warning signs that
every investor needs to know about.
Now the most important decision every
investor needs to make is their asset
allocation.
So if you put your money into a pie
chart, how should you be dividing your
money? This is the milliondoll question.
How much should be in stocks, in bonds,
in cash, real estate, commodities,
crypto, or anything else? Now, it's a
very simple concept, but it's very
difficult to do. A lot of people will
outsource this to a financial advisor or
by looking at many different asset
allocations of different people,
different ages, different values. Over
time, you get to have a better
understanding of what you should be
doing yourself. However, knowing how and
where you should be invested is always
the number one biggest decision any
investor can make. So, when in doubt,
what can we do? Well, we can turn to the
world's greatest, most successful
investor, Warren Buffett, and see what
is the Oracle of Omaha doing himself.
So to oversimplify this message, this is
an asset allocation where someone is
100% in cash. Now the good thing about
this is that if there is a major crash
coming next year, then you are pretty
much 100% protected. You just lose a
couple of percent due to inflation.
However, the downside is if the market
just continues to rip higher, then you
don't benefit at all. So, it's a super
safe portfolio. However, it doesn't give
you any upside.
On the flip side, if you are 100%
invested into the markets, whether
that's stocks or crypto or any other
split, then obviously if the market
continues to go higher, then you fully
benefit and make a lot of money.
However, this is very very dangerous if
there is a market crash because you take
100% of the impact. So I went over and
took a look at Warren Buffett's
portfolio, what he's doing at
Burkshshire Hathaway and it was very
very surprising. So what do you think
the asset allocation of the world's
greatest investor is right now as we
come into the end of 2025? Well,
interestingly,
he's pretty much exactly 50% invested
and 50% in cash or cash equivalents. And
it wasn't even 49 or 51. It was pretty
much exactly 5050. All this money is
invested in the stock market in
Burkshshire Haway. And this is his cash
position which he keeps in short-term
government bonds. something that cannot
crash, which is giving him a yield. And
the great thing about this is that if
the markets continue to have another
upyear next year, he makes an enormous
amount of money from his money invested.
And if there is a major market crash,
he's got plenty of capital ready to
deploy. As in market crashes, these are
historically the very best times to buy.
And if we take a look at Burkshshire
Hathaway and what they are doing with
their cash position, you can see it's
been relatively low for many many years.
However, look at what Warren Buffett has
done in just the last couple of years.
He is getting out of the stock market
and going into cash. So, this is someone
who is preparing for a market crash and
Warren Buffett knows this is how you
win. Either way,
the big question for today was, is there
going to be a major crash next year?
Well, the Buffett indicator is close to
all-time highs. Interest rates are being
kept historically high. There's a
100year technical analysis trend that is
also running into major resistance. The
housing market is looking like a major
bubble. And if history repeats, then
next year is the year that crypto does a
major crash and Bitcoin tends to be a
leading indicator. The most important
decision all investors have to make is
their asset allocation, which although
is a simple concept, it's certainly not
easy to do in practice. And when in
doubt, we can look to the world's
greatest investor who's laid the path
out, being 50% invested and 50% in cash
or cash equivalents. And this way, if
the markets continue just to head
higher, then you win. However, [snorts]
if there is a major crash, then you have
the ammunition to buy in, which is where
the very best gains are made. So, there
we are, guys. Hope you enjoyed. Now, all
I ask is that if you did find anything
useful in this video, then please share
it with a friend. If you do have any
burning questions that you must get
answered, then simply use superthanks
below. However, just remember to get rid
of 100% of the comment spam and trading
bots that plague YouTube comments, we
are trying out the new Superthanks
commenting system. So, to get your
question or comment read and replied to
or just to say thanks, then use
Superthanks below. And for now, just to
say if you did enjoy anything in the
video, then drop a like and a big thank
you to everyone who does. And I'll see
you in the next video. [snorts] Bye for
now.