There's been even more drama that's
happened today, which I I thought this
[ __ ] was funny. I'm laying on the sofa.
I'm laying on the sofa at 3:00 in the
morning and I'm seeing people messaging
me like, "Oh, there's this thing that
happened like, oh, like Lwig has reacted
or spoke." No. Did you see how Lwig
talked about it? He probably didn't do
anything, right? Ledwig probably did the
the the like Lwig did probably the thing
that Ledwig does. He says, "Damn, that's
crazy." Anyway, back to making money. Is
let me guess. That's what he did, right?
I'm just going to take a guess.
Am I right?
Yes. Okay. That's right. He's a smart
guy. He's a very smart guy. I like Lwig
a lot. I think he's a great guy. And so,
yeah, he's smart. He mowgled out. Yeah,
he's mowgulled out of his mind, guys.
Yeah. And that's it. And uh I just think
it's his spine. He doesn't give a [ __ ]
He doesn't want to get involved in He
just wants to make money making content
and that's it. He Not everybody has to
have an opinion about every social event
and every drama that happens on the
internet. Not everybody has to do this.
You don't need to have an opinion on
everything. Okay? I know people might
want it. People might need it, but you
don't. And if you don't care, and
obviously, by the way, Ludwig cares. He
has an opinion. Okay? He does. He does
care. It's not like one of these people
that actually doesn't care. You wouldn't
have made a drama channel where you farm
other people's dramas for three years.
You remember that? And get a degree in
journalism. Remember that? And so you
would not have done all these things if
you didn't care about this stuff. You'd
be talking about it if you could. But
you know it's bad for business and you
just don't do it. That's a smart idea. I
don't think that's bad at all. I don't
criticize that. I don't complain about
that. I don't think it's an issue. But
yes, there it is. He just doesn't want
Assan's fans to attack him. Yeah, but if
he the thing is that if he defends
Hassan, then he'll have people that
maybe are my fans that attack him,
right? Or TeeOne fans or people that
just think that Hassan did something to
the dog. I mean, like it's a lose-lose
situation. Yeah, you lose by playing.
Like there are a lot of games that you
lose by playing.
There is no right side. Absence of
opinion is an opinion. Yeah, exactly. I
mean, it is, but like the opinion is I
don't want to get involved. Like that's
the reason, right? And uh yeah, it's
that simple. And uh Destiny 2. Yeah, I
guess so. And uh we're going to try
Well, I I'll talk about the Pokemon
thing. So, basically, this has been like
this. This one happened this morning,
which is why I want to talk about it.
So, um Pokemon and Lily Pichu cancelled
their podcast episode release featuring
Hassan. And so
I guess Pokemon and Lily Pichu had a
podcast and uh people I I I didn't even
I did not know this and I don't mean I'm
not trying to be dimminionative or
something like that. I just was not
aware of this. But anyway, they had a
podcast and uh you know they had Hassan
on the podcast, right? And so small
update. Hey Taste Buds. I'm assuming
this is that podcast is called Sweet and
Sour and I'm assuming Taste Buds is a
play on that and it's like a f it's the
name of their fans. I'm just, you know,
I'm I'm you this is what I learned in
honors English class in high school,
okay? Is how to use uh you know, these
things and and to to figure out context
clues. All right? And so anyway, um this
is a tough one to write. Yeah, think
about this. This is a tough one to
write, but we wanted to give you all a
heads up that we're unfortunately going
to be missing our first scheduled
Saturday video tomorrow. We've been
watching the recent drama unfold
concerning our guest and it's been
getting intense. We had a serious talk
as a crew and we all agreed that it did
not feel right uploading tomorrow's
episode at this moment in time. Our
community is our favorite thing and the
reason we do this is to create a space
that is comfy as always and a true
escape. We do not want to impact the
cozy atmosphere that we've all built
together. Thanks for always supporting
our vision for a fun, positive place to
hang out. See you all next week. Sweet
and sour staff. So basically, they
didn't want to have Hassan on the show
because of the dog thing, right? I mean,
you know it, I know it, everybody knows
it. But here's what I think is funny
that it gets better. Okay, you think,
okay, all right, yeah, that that makes
sense, right? It gets better. So,
Pokemon comes out and tweets and says,
"The episode was supposed to air as
usual, but staff refused to upload it
out of fear it had caused drama and
posted this statement without my
approval." Sad face. Sorry guys, we'll
talk about everything on this week's
episode and go on hiatus afterwards to
restructure. Now, um,
let me go ahead. You you guys like
translation. I'm going to do a little
bit of uh corporate uh Rosetta Stone.
Okay. I'm going to give you I I I am the
corporate Rosetta Stone. Okay.
Uh where where [ __ ] Give me a second.
Okay. There it is. Okay. So, what does
this mean? All right. People don't know
what does restructure mean.
Okay.
That's it. That's what it means. You
know it. I know it. Everybody knows it.
That's the way it goes. It's a firing.
The firings will continue until morale
improves. Look at the top comment. She
got absolutely roasted. Well, I I'll
I'll go back and I'll see if I can find
it and uh I'll see what she says about
it. But um anyway, so I think that
I really feel bad for the staff. I do. I
feel bad for the staff and I'll explain
why I feel bad for the staff. Okay,
throwing your staff under the bus
instead of disavowing animal abuse is
definitely something I'd expect from
you. People are not happy about this
hiatus to restructure or bro's dog
repeatedly. Well, Maui, you don't need
to go on a spiritual awakening journey.
How can I make this about me? Imagine
firing your staff because they don't
like puppy torture. So, everybody has an
opinion on this. People are generally
mad at her for saying this and doing
this. I think that see this is Pokemon's
mistake.
She should have messaged me like Ry did
and I would have told her how to handle
this and it would have been fine.
It would have been I this this see and
this is the problem because you could
have done this in the right way. You
really could have because you No, no,
really. She should have just asked me
and and I' I'd have been able to deal
with this. It had been no problem.
Right. But sometimes people don't want
to do that. and uh rate 300 bucks. No,
no, but like if Ray's mistake, I'll get
to that, but I'll say it right now.
Ray's mistake is she should have
messaged me twice. She should have asked
me what she should do and she also
should have asked me should she say that
she asked me and I'd have told her
nothing both times that she should have
asked me if she should have told people
that she asked me. I would have said
don't tell people that. I was surprised
she said it. Y'all know I never said
that [ __ ] about her because I knew
people would react that way. Did they
get mad as [ __ ] And so absolutely. So
the only thing you could have thanked
us. No, the thing is like exactly. And
so yeah, she should just ask me about
it. I was surprised. Somebody said there
was a clip of her talking about me. I I
read it the first time in chat. I didn't
say it out loud because I was like, "Ah,
there's no way she'd say that because
then her audience would get mad." And
then I open up LSF and it's there and I
said, "Shit.
Oh boy.
That poor girl." But anyway, I I get to
that. Give me a few minutes. Right. Uh
but I I I'll get back around that. But
uh that's true. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly.
It's just it is a bit of a self-report.
You don't care about getting
backstabbed? Uh not really. I don't
really like the thing is that
I am the only virtuous person left in
the world.
And because of that, I have to uphold a
certain level of honor and dignity that
transcends mortal desires and the most
humble.
So, no, I don't give a [ __ ] If you want
me to be honest, I didn't even watch the
clip.
[Music]
I was busy. I was doing other stuff. I
didn't even watch it. Yeah. Like I I
don't even think about this [ __ ] And so
anyway, uh no, that's it. Why bother?
Yeah, bro. Like it's it's it's me,
right? I mean, it's always going to be
me and that's it. And so I don't take
anything personally, but I I'll get I'll
get around to that. Okay. I'll get
around to that and I'll talk about that.
But before I do, I'm going to get to
this. So Pokemon, this is what she
should have done. She should cuz this is
this is an issue, right? And I think
that, you know, it's a lack of empathy,
I think, with her. And I'll explain the
reason why I say that. The reason why I
say that is because I think that she
should understand that while she has a
big fan base and a lot of people are
fans of her and they're going to defend
her and she's got a lot of people that
like her, a lot of her staff don't have
that. And so what happens is that the
staff are now getting attacked on social
media. people are being hostile to them.
Somebody sends in a mean message to the
Patreon of this uh you know of this
thing and uh you know or to the YouTube
channel. You want to know who's going to
read that? It's going to be the staff
that are going to read that. So if I was
her and I saw that my staff had put out
a statement like this, I will be honest.
It would [ __ ] annoy me. It would make
me mad. It would piss me the [ __ ] off
because they should have asked me before
they said this and they should have
talked to me ahead of time. I'd have be
[ __ ] mad. But what I would have done
is I would have said, "Listen, I
understand that a lot of you guys like
Assan, but there's a lot of people that
don't like him right now, and I don't
want to put my staff in a situation
where they could be caught in the
crossfire between, you know, my
friendship with somebody else and
internet drama." And that at that point
would have, you know, it would have
exonerated the staff. they would have
not gotten attacked because again you're
trying to protect them from things
having you know like something bad
happening to them right because I view
like this is the way I see a lot of
things right is that like whenever you
have people that are working for you in
a way and I don't mean this in a in a in
a degrading way but like they're your
your flock in a way right like you're
the shepherd you have to lead them in
the right position you have to take care
of them you have to help them and you
have to do your best to uh do what is in
their best interest and to help them and
and to do what the right thing is for
them because in the same way that they
serve you, they have put their faith in
you for you to also serve them. And so
whenever I see somebody throw an
employee under the bus, like there have
been issues, I will tell you this, okay?
There have been a number of issues where
people have had problems and I have been
of the opinion that the other person was
wrong and not me. I'm not going to make
it any more specific than that because I
don't want anybody to even begin to
start guessing. But it's happened. It's
happened multiple times. It's happened
many times. And you don't know a single
one of them. And you never will. And the
reason why is because and and in the
instances that it did happen and people
talked about it, I've always taken the
blame. I've taken the blame because at
the end of the day um the fact is that
you know you are the leader and as the
leader you have to take accountability.
You make the most money you take the
most accountability. If it comes time to
fall on your sword it has to be you. And
for better or for worse that's the
responsibility of a leader. And you I'm
not perfect. Everybody's made mistakes.
But to throw the staff under the bus and
to say that, oh well, they did this
without our consent and they didn't do
this. I think this basically makes them
uh it it effectively makes them homeless
because and I don't mean the fact that
they're inevitably probably going to get
fired or at least chewed out by this.
But what I do mean is that now they've
already positioned themselves against
the Hassan fan base and now the Hassan
fan base will dislike them and they're
also going to get hate because they were
associated with Pokemon now who is, you
know, like okay with doing it. So you're
effectively having everybody attack you
now. And as an individual that's just a
an employee in the space, right? I'm not
talking about a creator, but an employee
in the space that is tremendously
overwhelming. And I try to avoid letting
any of that happen. Uh here's a good
example of this. Have you ever noticed
that I never even discuss who my editors
are? I never discuss anything about that
at all. And I often say that um I uh I
don't really, you know, my mods like I
don't help my mods at all. Like because
I don't want anybody to ever think that
some and and that's the reason, right?
And uh that there's a reason for this.
And I I I I do all of this. There are
many things that I do that people might
not notice that are intentional in order
to make sure that other people are not
caught as collateral damage. And uh also
if it comes a time where you know it's
either I look bad or somebody else does,
I usually take the responsibility
because I'm the person who's generally
you know in charge of things, right? And
so, and any of my mods can confirm this,
except for maybe two of them that might
be mad about something, but you know,
like we'll see what happens. And anyway,
you write a streamer handbook. I don't
need to write a streamer handbook. Every
leadership handbook in the last 1,000
years that's been written says the same
things that I'm saying right now. If you
go back and you listen to uh, you know,
a [ __ ] general in the army in World
War I, he probably said some variation
of this. If you go back and you look at,
you know, uh the the people that were
sieging Constantinople, they were
probably saying some variation of this.
Uh this is something that is timeless.
It it it's not new. It's not invented by
me. This has been going on forever. You
just look at the way it is, right? Rule
by fear of respect. Well, that that is
that that's a um that's Maveli, but um
it's fear or love. But um yes, anyway, I
can go back and and talk about that
more, but my point is that, you know, I
I feel bad for the staff. I really do
because Pokey kind of threw them under
the bus and uh you know, I get that they
did something wrong, but from her
perspective, I think that she's not
being empathetic of the type of
collateral damage that you know, they're
going to be subject to whenever they get
attacked for being on a podcast with
Hassan when Hassan is in the middle of a
lot of really big drama. So basically
for her it doesn't probably seem like a
big deal because well you know it's not
happening to her but for them I think
it's going to be very unpleasant and
very stressful and I don't really think
it's fair and I think that you know
again like you know she should just ask
next time Pokey can just ask me and uh
you don't have to tell people by the way
actually it's in fact I learned
yesterday it's in fact better not to um
you don't have to tell people but just
ask me I'll deal with it I'll take care
of it for you. Yeah I'll tell you what
to do. It's all right. But um you know
because you you don't want to have a
situation like this happen again, right?
I mean it's not good for anybody. So
yeah, I mean I don't know what to say.
And I'll read a few more of these
comments here and look at it. And do you
think she talked to them first before
making this post or just made the post
before confronting them? I don't know.
Probably she just made the post, but who
knows? Like I I I wouldn't I I I can't
read minds in that regard. I don't think
they uh I don't think they did anything
wrong because I think she lied. Read my
message, please. I don't know what she
did. I mean, I can't know this for sure
one way or another. And uh speaking of
Constantinople, made a Byzantine
Assassin's Creed Constantinople. Well,
Constantinople, I think, was held by the
Holy Roman Empire by the last uh the
last emperor uh the Constantine and the
Byzantine Empire rose after the Holy
Roman Empire fell. So, the Byzantine
Empire doesn't really have anything to
do with Constantinople. That that's my
understanding. Am I wrong about that?
Yeah, I I Yeah, that's what I thought.
But I could have I could have gotten it
wrong. It was Byzantine. Was it really?
Yeah. Is that it? I got it confused. I'd
have to go back and uh Well, anyway, and
uh that's not even close, bro. Well, I
probably got it confused then. Well,
anyway, uh my point is that I remember
it the wrong way. I learned maybe I
probably just read it the wrong way, but
um anyway, so uh was it uh not Holy
Roman, only Roman Empire? Yeah, maybe it
might have been, but that that was what
I thought it was, but I could be wrong.
My point is anyway that um you know all
this stuff that happens and everything
um you know it is kind of uh it's kind
of disappointing for me to see it happen
for some of these people but um yeah
and uh it goes wrong. That's the way it
is, right? I mean there's a lot of
things that have happened in history. I
can't get them all right. But um anyway,
so that's generally what I think about
this, right? And um yeah, it it's
disappointing to see this happen. And I
think also, I mean, if I read some of
the comments on this, we're going to go
back and look down on this. And uh let's
see here. And and basically, everybody
is hating her, right? Like everybody is
mad. Uh staff getting fired for not
supporting animal abuse. Like literally,
I I don't see a single person who's
supporting her. And honestly, I mean,
this is again, like I I would feel bad
for her, but you did throw your staff
under the bus. You did. And you could
say they threw you under the bus or they
didn't communicate with you, but you
don't have the same position that they
do. And so you have to be empathetic and
see it from another people, another
person's point of view. And uh you know,
then it really makes a little bit more
sense, right? And so uh yeah, that's it.
And what drives you to be a helper of
people that talk behind your back?
The fact that I know that none of their
words will ever truly affect me. And I
know that I will be successful
regardless of anybody else's approval or
disapproval. And I just simply do things
because I can. And I don't need to worry
about the approval or opinions of other
people. Uh that's the reason why. So I
help them because I can. Because they
ask. It's all there is to it. Like yeah,
that that's it. Don't need a reason.
Yeah. I mean that that's really the way
it is. And so like that that's really
it. Does streamers really have beef with
each other? How much of it is an act?
Well, I don't know. I mean like I I I
don't know what people are actually
thinking. It's hard. I I can never read
minds, right? But it does seem like this
right here is um you know,
you have a lot of pe nobody is it nobody
is happy about this. Girl, you need a
new staff. They shouldn't be making
statements about you or Louis approval
British. That's you guys who are
incorrectly receiving backlash for their
statements. Um, yeah. But what do you
think happens whenever they whenever
what do you think happens whenever you
upload a video of a person who's being
accused of of of like a you know like
ongoing animal abuse thing, right? Like
the staff are going to get tons of
harassment, like infinitely more. So
yeah, that's basically it. And um so
anyway, uh yeah, that's pretty much it.
That that that's the way that I feel
about it. I feel bad for the staff and
um you know, again, that's really all
there is to it. And I get why she would
be frustrated about this, but at the
same time, I think that uh you know,
it's kind of uh it's kind of unfair,
right? You you're
you're not all in this together. Her
position as an individual is very
different than other people's. And so
that's really it. One job offer like
Yeah. Yeah. Exactly right. And uh how
long do you think a collar gate is going
to last? I I think that with something
like this it will probably it'll
probably transform into something else
if I had to guess. So right now it's one
thing and I think over time it will
probably evolve into being something
else. So it's not that big of a deal and
you know like maybe people not care that
much about it but then it will probably
you know ex exacerbate into something
else. So anyway um let me go back over.
Yeah. Hopefully it ends when the song
quits. Well I don't think Assan's going
to quit. I'm sorry to say guys. I don't
think so. So, yes, this happened earlier
today. That's my opinion on it. And
there it is. And so, anyway, another
one. So, Valkyrie apologizes to her
community for DMing Asminold. My fault
for not being aware enough. Uh, probably
so hurtful and jarring. I think
everybody, including myself, should be
more aware of what's going on in the
world. I'm not aware enough. I hear you
guys. So, she went out and she said this
about me, obviously, like she basically
apologized for messaging me, right?
That's pretty much what it was. And I
think that honestly the biggest mistake
that she made is that she didn't message
me twice.
I do because she should have messaged me
and asked if she should have told the
community that she messaged me. And if
she had done that, I'd have told her no.
I would have I would have I think this
is an own goal for her. It definitely
is. And so anyway uh and and the thing
is that listen her her community
everybody see like I don't view
streaming like I I I'm friendly with
people in streaming but I don't confuse
myself and and delude myself into
thinking that a lot of people will not
obviously I would never want and expect
a person to like you know put their
career at risk or to do something that
would be bad for their community just
for my ego or to make me look good right
and so like I don't take this personally
I don't get upset about this it doesn't
bother bother me. Uh, I'm not mad about
it, etc. And so that's really it. Teone
predicted you would have said something
like this. Well, I I don't know if he
did or not. I'd have to go back and
look. I can look at it after this. But
yeah, I don't I'm not mad about this. I
don't really care. I think that it's
funny if you want me to be honest. Um,
not in a way that I'm laughing at her
misfortune, but in a way that it's just
like, man, what a ridiculous situation,
isn't it? So, uh, but doesn't it put you
off? It seems really inauthentic. Well,
I it doesn't seem inauthentic bec it it
might seem inauthentic to you because
you're not looking at it through the
correct lens. So, for me, it doesn't
seem inauthentic because these people
are primarily doing their streamers
because it's their job. So, why would I
get mad at somebody doing something
that's in the best interest of their
career? Why would I do that? So, really,
I mean, am I going to expect somebody
to, you know, like fall on their sword
for some other opinion that I have?
Absolutely not. So, anybody can say
anything that they want about me and it
doesn't really matter to me. It doesn't
I don't give a [ __ ] right? It doesn't
matter to me at all. And so, that's it.
And obviously, look at her uh VOD
viewership. Huge dip. Well, I don't know
if people saw it or not. I have no idea.
But it got 2.6 million views.
And I didn't read a single positive
comment. And obviously, like, yeah, she
needs to set herself free from the mind
prison. That's progressive audience
capture. It was hurtful. If those fans
are hurt by you speaking to someone that
they invariably uh were going to leave
for another dumb reason, so tell them to
[ __ ] off and the cool ones will stay.
Probably true. I think that's accurate.
And also, here's another component to
this as well is that I think that that
type of audience capture does happen,
but it can always be scary to move away
from it or try to change what you're
doing because you never know what's
going to happen. So, uh, yeah, that's
it. Streaming [ __ ] is optics. It's all
optics. It always is and it always will
be. Um, people will always roach shout
on you. Everybody will always betray
you. Do you remember Judas sold Jesus
out? Like I mean, you really think about
this.
Jesus at worst was at least a wizard,
right? Like this is like at at his very
very lowest power level, he was at least
a wizard.
And Judas went and sold Jesus out for
for about $7,000.
Now, do do would you make an enemy with
a wizard for $7,000? I would not.
[ __ ] I wouldn't even make an enemy of a
magician for $7,000. You never know
what's going to happen. And so I
actually thought, so whenever Valkyrie
said it, I thought that the reason why
she mentioned that she talked to me was
so she could posture that basically she
was willing to look at the other side of
the collargate situation and try to
reach across the aisle and effectively
try to offer a, you know, degree of
diplomacy that, you know, it's not like
I hate all these people. It's just that
I talk to them because it's not like
this evil thing, right? And so I
actually thought that this was maybe
that was like her strategy with doing
it, right? It's like kind of saying
like, well, I even talked to people
that, you know, might be perceived as
being against this and this is what I
said I should do, so this is what I
would do, right? So it basically adds
veracity to what she was saying. Like I
thought that was the logic behind it.
And like, you know, I I looked at it
from that perspective because that
that's the way that I would have done
it, right? Because that that's that's
what would make sense. So uh yeah, I
apologize for talking to a person. Well,
because her her community hates me,
right? I mean, that's obviously the
reason why. Um, and so, yeah, it's
pretty [ __ ] obvious. And so, anyway,
um, bro thought that was logic. I do. I
Well, I I reason everything out. I
reason everything out. And most things
people do for a reason. And so, that's
really it. Can you play the video? No, I
don't need to. Um, I never watched it. I
don't care. And the reason why is that I
don't need to have a clip of everybody
[ __ ] on her and getting mad at her
for saying this. It's not a big deal to
me. Uh, I know that, you know, for
somebody like her and for a lot of other
people, the amount of hate and
harassment and stuff like that that you
get for being inside of this space is
tremendous. And it is overwhelming for a
lot of people, even larger creators,
because I think that like again people
might not realize like across all the
YouTube channels that I have at least,
right? I mean, we're getting like two
300 million views a month, right? And
that's just including on YouTube, right?
That's not even on Twitch and other
places too. there's a lot of people that
watch the content and there's a lot of
people that are engaged and because of
that I know that you know if I talk
about something or whatever uh there
will be a degree of uh of collateral
damage there will be and I don't really
care necessarily but I also only really
apply that whenever I think a person is
acting truly in bad faith and whenever I
see a person acting in their own uh best
interest I almost never fault people for
acting in their own best interest this
might be you confusing to you, but I
almost never do. And if you think about
it, whenever I see a person doing what
they think is best for them, I don't
usually get offended by it because I
understand why people do that because
people are animals and animals have
evolved for millions of years through
natural selection with the desire to
survive, right?
And and so like, yeah, it's not
personal, it's just business. Yes, it
is. And and so that's really about all
there is to it. You're a better person
than me. What would it take for you to
completely cut some money out of your
life? I mean, I don't really have I I
don't really I don't make distinctions
like that ever really. I don't think
about that a whole lot. I just simply
live every day the way that I want to
live it. And uh that's about it. Uh I
don't really think about all of these,
you know, grand uh proclamations. I
don't think about, you know, like large
sweeping statements. I don't need to do
that. Um I just simply make the decision
that I think is the right decision for
the right time and that's all that I
need to do. And so that's at someone
yelling at you. I don't like people
yelling at me. I don't uh but yeah, I I
think generally if somebody does yell at
me, I will probably cut them off. I
don't like being yelled at, but that's
also another it's it's like if somebody
hits me in the face, I probably wouldn't
want to deal with them either, right?
And so that's really all there is to it.
And uh you're giving too much grace to
these people. It's going to b you in the
ass someday. You can't just ignore it.
Take the high road. Well, I mean, I
don't always take the high road, do I?
I don't always take the high road. There
are a lot of times where I take the low
road. I like taking the low road, but I
restrain myself and I don't do it all
the time because I don't have to. And
that's the reason why I don't have to do
it. And I And it's easier. Yeah.
Exactly. And so, uh, let's And also like
I don't need to cuz everybody else is
mad at her too. Like I mean if I read a
lot of these comments I mean this is the
you know it's everybody is mad about
this. Literally everybody is pissed off.
Like I don't see a single positive
comment about this. Even the retweets if
if I look at the all of this stuff here
and uh yeah make apologies DM me
somebody. It's even obviously Destiny
has you know weighed in on the situation
and it's just the same type of thing
that you you'll always see. And if I go
back over here and uh if I look somebody
um somebody said techone said something
about me about this. Let me see what he
said. Asbund will go live tomorrow. See
Valkyrie throwing him under the bus and
say it's okay. Understand why she had to
do this. It's not a big deal as he
always says. Yes, exactly. Tech knows
me. Like I mean I'm friends with him.
And so like it would Yeah, of course. Of
course that's what I would do. Yeah. Cuz
I I know I know the way that people
behave. I know how people act. It is
what it is, right? And so it's just that
simple. So yeah, Color Gates is making
his streamers uncomfortable because they
did past collabs with the sun. Now
anyone uh with this on is putting
pressure on them. That's why streamers
like Pokey are wanting for the drama to
go away. I think that a lot of them I I
do think that
I will say that there is definitely like
with streaming there are a lot of like
very toxic clicks. And you guys might
not notice this. Well, I I guess
actually you probably do. Um, I'm not
really friends with a lot of streamers.
Like I have friends that are I do like
if I I don't want to make a list because
I'm worried that if I make a list then I
I will come up with the first five
people. Okay, how about that? I'll come
with the first five people that I would
say I am 100% friends with. I would
never even question. And uh these are
people I've known a really long time. Uh
Sand uh [ __ ] uh let's see, Techone.
Teone right there. Uh McConnell. uh
train. Uh I would say also maybe XQC,
right? Like these are people I've been
friends with for like [ __ ] eight,
nine years. Like yes, we've had, you
know, rough roads over the years, but
overall these are my friends, right? And
I could go forward, you know, with and
and I I again I do not want to be going
on. There are other people that you guys
are naming. A lot of those people are
also on the list, but I just don't want
to name everybody, right? And that's it.
That's just the first five that come to
mind. And so anyway, the point that I'm
making about this is that um
I'm not friends with a lot of streamers
at all.
I recognize that this is a business
relationship and I might be friendly
with them privately, but I understand
that whenever they have to behave in a
professional manner, they have to act in
a certain way. This is the way it is.
That's life. And
and I I get that. And I don't look I
don't go looking for it's like looking
for friends as a streamer with other
streamers is pretty much the same thing
as going to a strip club looking for a
wife. I actually had a friend that did
that. It ended up getting him in jail.
And no, he doesn't have custody of the
kid. So yeah. Uh bad bad idea, by the
way. Bad idea. And uh you shouldn't do
that. She hits him on the head with a
glass. The police show up. Guess who's
sitting in the back of the cop car.
That's right.
Yeah. I was going to say the name, but
I'm not going to say the name. Being
friends with Yes. Being friendly with is
another thing. Exactly. And um that's
all there is to it. Trump said, "If you
want friends in Washington, buy a dog."
Yes. And so anyway, uh there are a lot
of very toxic clicks with streaming and
they will defend each other regardless
of what the facts are, regardless of
anything because they are friends and
they're just going to defend each other
for that reason. Uh a lot of these
people, I think that for many of the and
I I don't want to say everybody, right?
But I think that for many of these
people, a lot of the social clauses that
they say that they support, etc.
um these are
social accessories that they use to
boost their image. Many of these people
will never express a viewpoint or an
opinion without waiting for uh you know
the mass consensus opinion or viewpoint
and then at that point they might say
something and they might not even then.
And the fact is that again you can't
look at these people as like an
authentic individual. You have to see
them as a brand or a personality on the
internet. It's like looking at Johnny
Bravo or looking at Courage the Cowardly
Dog. I think Courage the Cowardly Dog in
a lot of cases is more accurate. And um
you know, in some cases, actually,
especially
should I make a sexual harassment Johnny
Bravo joke? I guess I will. Johnny
Bravo's been pretty accurate too
recently, hasn't it? So anyway, um and
it's more accurate than you might
imagine even. So, uh, yeah, actually
those it's it's funny now that I think
about it. Those are really two great
examples that they most of the time fall
under one of those two, isn't it, man?
What are the odds? And so, anyway, uh,
yeah, courage. Exactly. And so, that's
the reason and that's the way that I
feel about this stuff. Um, you know,
again, I I'll look and I'll see if
there's any more information about it on
like LSF, but uh, that's generally what
I think. And, you know, it's just that
that's that's the way that um that's the
way the internet is. And uh there's no
reason really to get upset about it or
anything else. So uh yeah, it feels less
and less every day. The dog thing is
actually shattering the ranks. Well, I
mean I think that what what happens is
that so this is the problem and this is
the issue that I think the dog thing
creates for a lot of the you know you
know quote safe space streamers right is
that a lot of the safe space streamers
their personality on stream is a
performance. This isn't really how they
act in real life. They do have opinions
on things but they pretend to be a very
very narrow version of themselves in
order to make themselves more appealing
for let's say brand deals or make
themselves more appealing for a certain
type of audience right this is very very
common and uh this is what and it that's
fine by the way you too I mean I I'm not
doing a good job of it if I'm trying to
do that but um that that's the reason
why people do it and so like with the
dog thing that happens is it puts them
in a very bad position
because basically they have to either
side with people who they have to
position themselves against, people like
me for example, and even not even like
me. I' I've reserved judgment with this
for pretty much the entire time. I find
it to be ironic that people get very mad
at me. The only thing that I've really
done for sure is laugh at a lot of the
memes cuz they're [ __ ] funny. But
other than that, I haven't really been
super opinionated about it. Right. And
if you look at Kai, yeah, Kai's a great
example. Kai never talks about any
drama. Kai never gets involved with any
issues. Speed is the same way. And
nobody hates them. People do, but um
nobody really gets super angry at them.
Nobody there aren't like a lot of like
big like groups of people that are like
constantly trying to like, you know,
have a a hate mob about them. They just
never talk about it, right? They just
never get involved with it or talk about
it or anything like that. And so Kai
definitely gets into drama. I mean, not
really though, right? I mean, like not
not what I'm talking about. So, uh yeah.
So, you're saying they're just in it for
the money? Well, of course people stream
for money. Like, there's nothing wrong
with streaming for money. Why? Why do
you think it's bad that somebody is just
in it for the money? Like, I don't even
understand it. So, do you do you think
that everybody that's streaming on a
regular basis that's sitting in front of
the computer all the time, they're doing
it just because they love it? Yeah, I
think a lot of people do like doing it,
but they also are doing it for a job.
You you the thing is that most people
are not like if you go back and you look
at videos of me whenever I was in high
school, there are videos of me when I
was in high school. I was a little kid
and I was doing like it really if you
look back at me at 15 years old. I have
really not changed. I really haven't.
And it doesn't like Yeah, that's the way
it is. And uh naive chatter. Exactly.
And uh yeah, I've been the same the
whole time. What about you? Yeah. I
mean, but I mean there then there are
people that are like that, but it is the
minority. And also, just because
somebody doesn't want to, you know,
broadcast their political opinions at
their job, it doesn't necessarily mean
that they're just doing it for the
money. It means that there's a time and
place for everything and they might not
be comfortable talking about that stuff.
Like a good example of this, even with
me, is the recent government shutdown.
Like whenever the government shutdown
started happening, I I wasn't streaming
at that time and I was just simply
sitting around jerking off and playing
video games all day. So if you want the
honest truth, I don't really know why
the government shut down. I didn't pay
attention to it because I didn't really
care. I wasn't looking into it at all.
And so really, why why would I even So
but I never came on. I didn't talk about
it. I was like, "Yeah, I don't know,
guys. It seems pretty crazy, right?" And
uh yeah, I don't know if it's Democrats
or Republicans fault. It's probably both
of their fault to an extent, but you
know, who knows? And so that's it. Money
is the goal. Staying true to self isn't
exactly. Yeah, it is. And um what if
Pokemon did decide to back to postpone
it, but the backlash from Assange fan
made so she made the staff take the
blame. That's a big accusation. I
wouldn't say that about her. That's
pretty unfair. Um you know, like again,
I you know, maybe that's what happened,
but I I I wouldn't say that. That's very
big accusation. So yeah, that's about
it. And um anyway, so that's the way
that I feel about it. That's where, you
know, things have been for me. And uh
yeah, I think that again, a lot of
people hold streamers to extremely high
standards and it's very unhealthy. I
think that people are extremely
parasocial in a lot of regards. They
want streamers to have all the same
opinions that they have, reinforce all
of their beliefs and all of their
feelings. I think that this is an
unhealthy desire. And while everybody is
free to feel and do what they want to do
and feel, I also think that it's
something that very obviously is not
something that is it it it's not
healthy, right? It's very obviously not
healthy. And so that's really about it.
And I don't think anybody should do
that. And uh she could have upload the
episode literally now, but she's not
because it was her decision or with the
agreement. So, you think that because
she didn't upload the episode, uh, then
it means that she's throwing them under
the bus and she actually made the
decision. Um, that is I mean, like to be
fair, that is good logic. Like I I I
mean, I'm not saying that that's
the logic for that tracks.
It does. Like it or hate it, cry or get
mad or anything else, it's still true.
Yeah, absolutely.
And so she's shifting blame to her
staff. Yeah, maybe. But it's very
likely. but not definite. I would never
say she did that though. I mean, if fans
want to say that or viewers want to say
that, that's fine. But, you know, as a
streamer, I wouldn't feel comfortable
pushing that type of a message unless I
was certain of it, which I'm not. But, I
am certain to say that that is
logically, you know, sound. It's it's
logically sound thinking. So, yeah, but
it was a good point. Yeah, definitely.
But anyway, um that's about it. But, uh
Vindication, these streamers are out of
touch. It's crazy. Hopefully, more and
more communities be aware of this. Well,
I think that more and more communities
and and what I found to be very
interesting is even with the uh the
Valkyrie thing.
A lot of people here were even like they
were even kind of on my side about this,
right? I mean, it it's I I thought this
was kind of interesting, right? It it
never
that never happens. It basically never
happens. So, uh yeah, it's actually a
good strategy playing the staff isn't
naming anyone personally. Yeah. I mean,
let's see that non exist. You want me or
female? Yeah. I mean, Nurgle's acolyte
has spoken. All hell Nurgle and his
wisdom. I don't get why people obsess
over gender identity because people want
everybody to acknowledge it. That's the
reason why. Says the guy who is 50%
cockroach and 50% Neanderthal,
man.
Yeah, that's about right. Huh. And uh I
don't know what to say. And uh people
getting offended over Asthma getting
quite shocking. Not quite as shocked as
a sock dog.
Yeah. Um only a Sith deals in absolutes.
Well, I guess God is a Sith. And uh by
the way, I didn't deal in absolutes. I
said that there were exceptions and
there were medical anomalies. Uh so, you
know, I I that's why I'm of course, you
know, a Jedi and everybody that's
against me is a Sith clearly. But um
didn't the andthals have larger brains?
Um well, a whale has a larger brain than
a human, but that doesn't mean a whale
is smarter than a human. Uh the way that
I think a brain works is not necessarily
uh it doesn't work necessarily that way.
So, uh yeah, I don't think that the
brain size is the only way that you can
judge intelligence. But anyway, uh so
true. Yes. How do you know? I I saw it
on on Reddit like I saw it on Reddit 11
years ago and I was like, damn, that's
crazy. Whales brains are really big. And
that was about it. bigger doesn't mean
better. Well, there are a couple of
things that is true with specifically a
couple, but um you know, other than
that, yeah, I think it's generally true,
but um yeah, you could see the entire
and and I think this is a bit of a
Reddit awakening for a lot of people
because a lot of these Redditors, I
think, you know, were under the false
delusion that many of these streamers
and creators and things, uh, you know,
like they they they they had a very
different impression of them than the
way they actually are. And I I think
this is a good thing. It's a good thing
for people to effectively realize that,
you know, break the parasocial bonds.
Watch streams for entertainment. Enjoy
what you're seeing. Enjoy what you're
watching. Don't get emotionally
connected. Don't get mad. When a
streamer starts saying something that
makes you mad, you need to turn it off.
It's got to just turn it off. Just stop
looking at it. Oh man, I keep doing the
thing that makes me mad. Well, stop it.
Stop doing it. But um yeah, that's
generally the way that I feel with a lot
of uh a lot of these people. And so I
don't really hold it against them. I
don't really, you know, I I'm not really
angry at them. I'm not mad at them. I I
don't really care. It's not a big deal
to me if you want me to be honest. I
don't really think about it a lot. So,
uh you know, I've got a lot of other
things to uh think about and make
decisions on. And uh if you want me to
be, you know, this is like maybe an ego
thing, but uh those things are pretty
important in a lot of cases. They're uh
you know, in some cases multi-million
dollar decisions, and actually in in
almost all cases, they are. Um and so
I'm not really going to get myself
worked up about a person saying that I'm
mean, just not going to worry about it.
That's it, you know, and and and that's
really the truth, you know. That's the
actual reason. And so, uh, that's really
it. And, uh, so, uh, talk about video
games, bro. [ __ ] the haters. Well, we're
gonna get around to that, right? I mean,
today's been a pretty interesting day,
but that's been about