The world is being rebuilt right in
front of you. AI, robotics, and new
global systems are reshaping wealth and
investment opportunities while the
average person still thinks that the
cloud is what's in the sky. The old
rules for money and wealth are changing
and they're changing fast. And so my
goal with this video is to help you stay
ahead of that shift that we are not
chasing opportunities like the majority
of people. Earlier in 2025, the World
Economic Forum said that we are entering
the fifth industrial revolution, and
this is going to shift our economy
bigger and faster than we've ever seen
before. History doesn't exactly repeat
itself, but it does rhyme. So, let's
take a look at the last four industrial
revolutions to understand what might be
coming next, because you'll see a common
denominator amongst all of these
industrial revolutions of how some
people use these shifts to build very
large sums of wealth quicker than most
others. Industrial revolution one
started in the mid700s and went until
the mid 1800s. And this was the rise of
factories and the rise of steam ships.
And what we saw happen where the people
that understood that this shift was
happening were able to build wealth
because they understood that the world
is moving towards steam ships and
factories. Well, the people that didn't
fell behind. We saw protests from
skilled workers and other trades people
saying that no, our jobs are being taken
away, but the economy shifted
nonetheless. But it did take about a
hundred years. Then we had industrial
revolution number two. This started in
the late 1800s around 1870 and waited
until the early 1900s around 1914 or so.
And this was the growth of electricity,
the growth of mass production, things
like assembly lines. And of course, some
people were very against this shift as
well. Assembly workers, the unions, they
did not want to see the growth of this
mass production and assembly lines. But
the people that understood the shift
were able to capitalize in opportunity
and it created a lot of wealth because
of that as well. And that shift did
happen. Industrial revolution number
three was the digital revolution. This
was the rise of the internet, the rise
of electronics. And of course, some
businesses and people were very against
this. A lot of businesses said, "Don't
buy online, buy local, buy in person."
And then we saw some big bohemoth
businesses that didn't adapt die. We saw
that happen with Blockbuster. We saw
that happen with Sears. We saw that
happen with Kmart. But this rise of the
internet and electronics also shifted
wealth and it created a lot of
investment opportunities for the people
that got ahead of the shift. Then we had
industrial revolution number four, the
rise of smart technologies. Now this is
where the dates start to get very
convoluted because this is all happening
so fast. But this was around the the
2010 time until essentially very
recently. the growth of things like
information technology, the growth of
things like cyber security, the growth
of things like smart information systems
out there that are powering many of the
apps that you're using today. And again,
this created a lot of protest and
unrest. Taxi drivers and hotel owners
did not like Uber. They did not like
Airbnb. But of course, this shift has
happened and is continuing to happen.
But the people that understood this
again were able to build a lot of wealth
who were able to understand what is
happening. And now we are entering what
the World Economic Forum calls
industrial revolution number five. Now
there's two things that I want you to
notice before I talk about this. Number
one is obviously that these shifts
happened. You had people that did not
like it but the shifts did happen. And
the second thing that I want you to pay
attention to is the length of these
shifts because before the first
industrial revolution took about 100
years. Then we're talking about 50 years
or so for industrial revolution number
two. Then when it came to industrial
revolution number three, we're talking
about less than 40 years. Industrial
revolution number four, we're talking
about 10ish years. Now we're already on
industrial revolution number five. So
it's coming faster. And with each of
these, we also saw a huge shift in
wealth. Why does this matter? Because
technology is shifting faster and faster
and faster. Well, many humans are not
able to evolve and adapt fast enough,
which creates opportunities even bigger
if you understand what's going on. So
let's talk about industrial revolution
number five. This is about the
convergence, the coming together of
humans and technology. Read this again
from the World Economic Forum. We can
look forward to a future where smart
machines and cognitive intelligence
perform tasks that match human ability
while delivering machine level
efficiency. I hate to say this, but
outside of my business and the financial
side of what I do, I'm not a very
tech-savvy person, but I had to learn
how to become very tech-savvy in my
business and with my investments because
this is creating a whole new wave of
opportunity and things are getting
faster and faster and either you're
going to be ahead of the curve or you're
going to be like the majority people and
fall behind. And this is where I want
you to be able to find the opportunity
because it is happening right now. So,
I'm trying to get people to understand
what's happening because I'm seeing it
happen with our own business as well.
So, let's talk about what this means.
And I do want to remind you that for
those of you that are investors or want
to become investors, I have put together
a brand new free investing master class
where I walk you through how you can get
started as an investor and find hidden
investment opportunities before
everybody else. I'll show you the exact
framework that my firm and I use to
research investment opportunities so we
can find opportunities before they hit
the headlines. It's a completely free
master class. There's a ton of value in
there. And when you register for the
master class, you're also going to get
access to market briefs, which is my
newsletter for investors for free,
complimentary, at no cost. So, if you
want to get the investing master class
and market briefs all for free, all you
have to do is click the link down in the
description below to register. In the
beginning of this video, I said that
history doesn't exactly repeat itself,
but it does rhyme. And what we've seen
happen in every single one of these
revolutions is that people don't want to
see that shift happen because that
change can be uncomfortable. And we're
seeing it happen now. Remember in 2024
when we had all those port strikes that
were happening? Well, the reason why
those port strikes were happening is
workers wanted higher pay, more
benefits, and protection against robots.
Well, the reality is that the
manufacturing industry is seeing its
biggest shift that we have seen since
the second industrial revolution when
assembly lines were created. And if you
don't believe me, read this. 72% of
global manufacturers are accelerating
the digital transformation efforts.
What's coming? Something called lights
out manufacturing. otherwise known as
dark factories. Let me just read you
what that means. A dark factory or a
lights out manufacturing plant is one
that is automated and requires little or
no human intervention. It relies
entirely or almost entirely on advanced
technologies like robotics, artificial
intelligence, and the internet of things
systems. The reason why I'm telling you
this is to hammer the point home that
sometimes these shifts can feel
uncomfortable, but they become
inevitable. And either you get ahead of
the shift or you don't. And I've told
the story a few times now, but I saw the
same thing happening in our company. I
run a company called Briefs Media. We're
a financial media company. We focus on
investor research and creating financial
news. Well, what I realized is that with
all these shifts happening with AI and
technology, we're probably going to be
bankrupt in 2035. Then I did some more
digging and turns out, yeah, we don't
have that much time. We'd probably be
bankrupt by 2030. So, we made a shift.
And so now we're making some of the
biggest investments that we've ever made
into technology and AI to help create
better investing tools for investors
that are powered with AI, powered with
technology that we're going to be
launching in 2026 and we're rebranding
our company as Briefs Finance because of
that. And then I had another
conversation. A good friend of mine
works in operations at a fairly large
company. And what he was telling me is
his company had 300 BDRs. What a BDR is
is they set appointments for their
salespeople. So his company sells
software and he had these sales reps
that were essentially setting
appointments for their actual
salespeople because a salespeople's job
is to actually try to sell the software.
Well, those 300 BDRs are no longer
there. They now have zero. Why? Because
they've been able to train AI tools to
do the lead generation and the
prospecting automatically. And the
interesting thing about the AI tools is
they don't get tired. They don't take
sick days. They don't need those breaks.
And this shift is happening in front of
us. And I don't say this to scare you. I
say this to show you that this also
creates opportunity because there's
always two sides to every coin. And most
people look at the side of fear and
panic and scared. But it also creates
opportunity. And most people still don't
understand the shift is happening. But
if you can start to see the opportunity,
you start to see, oh, this can also
create new jobs. It creates new
investment opportunities and if you can
get ahead of that, it creates the
ability to accelerate your wealth even
faster by being ahead of the curve
instead of being behind it. Now, this is
where a lot of people get concerned
about this technology shift being a
bubble. The AI is a bubble and I agree.
There is a very high chance I think that
we're building an AI bubble and a lot of
the smart people in the industry think
so too. Sam Alman, who is the founder of
Chat GPT, has said that it looks like
we're building an AI bubble. Mark
Zuckerberg, the founder of Meta, a huge
investor in AI, also says it smells like
we're building an AI bubble. But even if
we are building an AI bubble, that
doesn't mean that AI is going to go
away. We had a huge dot bubble that was
building in the late 1990s that
ultimately burst in the year 2000. That
meant that some dot companies went
bankrupt. That meant that internet
companies lost a lot of value during the
crash. But it didn't mean that the
internet went away. It created a shift
in investment opportunities. And that's
the way that I want you to think. Yeah,
there's a good chance we could be in an
AI bubble, but that doesn't mean the AI
and these technology shifts are going to
go away. I want you to understand what's
happening that way can find the
opportunities. So, where is the actual
opportunity that you can use to build or
accelerate your wealth even faster?
Well, opportunity number one is to
create a business that is harnessing
this new shift. This is the highest risk
for the highest reward. You're starting
a business which is a lot of work, a lot
of time, but if you're using these new
technologies, it creates an investment
opportunity for you to build a lot of
wealth. Number two is to create a
business that services businesses that
don't understand this shift. So you can
build a business that helps other
companies adopt AI and adopt these new
technology shifts because they're not
tech-savvy, but you are. So, it's lesser
risk, still higher risk because you're
starting a business, but less risk than
creating a new business type or a new
technology, but it also has the
potential to build a lot of wealth. Now,
for those of you that don't want to
start a business, which is most people,
and that's completely fine. This also
can create investment opportunities. So,
let's go over what those mean. And I got
to give you that disclaimer. Investing
has risks. You are never guaranteed to
make money when you invest. In fact, you
will lose money at some point. So, make
sure you always do your own due
diligence and never blindly trust a
random guy on YouTube because I am not a
financial adviser. So, let's break this
down. Option number one is you can
invest your money into individual
company stocks that are taking advantage
of this shift. This is more risky than
I'm going to go over in number two. But,
it also creates more upside potential.
So, now you're going out and finding
companies that are utilizing AI, that
are utilizing robotics, that are
utilizing this technology shift. And
then you have to actually research the
company. Keep up with the financial
statements. Keep up with the earnings
calls and make sure that it is a good
company that you want to invest in and
do the research on the company. This is
one of the things that I go over in the
investing master class which I have for
you down in the description. But the
whole idea here is you want to find a
good company, most risk, most return
when it comes to investing your money in
other companies. Option number two,
which is less risk, is to invest into a
fund. Instead of investing in an
individual company, there are funds that
can give you exposure to companies that
are investing into this shift right
here, which can create more opportunity.
Again, because these funds are more
niche, it's more risky because, well,
this whole technology thing could fail
and it's also more volatile. Like we
talked about, there's a potential AI
bubble building right now, but it can
also create opportunities for the
financially savvy. Again, I can't tell
you what to invest in. Just some
examples. ETF number one, BOTZ,
Bots. This is an ETF that gives you
exposure to AI and robotics companies.
This is created by Global X ETFs.
Example number two is CHAT, Chat. This
is an ETF created by a company called
Roundill. This is giving you exposure to
generative AI and technology companies.
So, both of these ETFs, again, you can
buy these on pretty much any stock
brokerage. you were getting exposure not
to one company but to dozens of
companies somewhere between 40 to 55
companies with each of these ETFs that
now you just have to buy the fund that's
giving you exposure to the industry here
that are working on AI and technology
more risk more volatility for more
potential return but you have to
understand more risk is involved with
that as well because you have the
volatility because of how new and how
fast things are shifting here option
number three would be to invest your
money into a broader fund something like
ARK, A R KKK. This is an innovation ETF
created by Kathy Wood in her ARK funds
that's focused on innovative companies.
That is really any industry that is
working to innovate quickly. By the way,
as a disclaimer, I am personally
invested in ARC K. Or if you want to
take it one step further, QQQ is an ETF
that gives you exposure to the NASDAQ
100. The NASDAQ 100 is a group of the
100 largest companies in the stock
market that are not financial. Meaning
most of these companies are technology
companies. And the only way you qualify
to be a part of the NASDAQ 100 is if
you're part of the 100 largest companies
that are not financial. So this is a way
to get exposure to the broad technology
sector that are innovating that have
already seen some growth and some
traction. This one has a little bit less
risk, but it's still more volatile than
investing your money into the broad
markets because anytime you see a stock
market crash, generally you see QQQ fall
more aggressively than that crash
because well, a lot of these tech
companies are more volatile. So, what
we're talking about is that the economy
is shifting fast. This shift is
inevitable. You can hate it, you can
love it, it really doesn't matter. The
reality is is this shift is happening.
And what I want you to do, my goal is
for you to understand how this can
create a better investment opportunity
for you. That way you can take better
care of yourself, your family, and your
community. Because the reality is
anytime you see one of these shifts, you
see a transfer of wealth. You see a
transfer of money. Now, you can create a
business to take advantage of the shift.
You can create an agency to help other
businesses take advantage of the shift.
Or you can invest in companies that are
taking advantage of the shift. And when
I say invest in companies, you can
invest in individual companies, which
takes the most work and time and
research, but also a lot of upside. Or
you can lower some of that risk by
investing in funds. Now, just because
you're investing in funds doesn't mean
that there's no risk. I mean, investing
is risky, but it's less risk than
investing in one individual company. And
so, we went over multiple different type
of funds that you can consider investing
in bots, chat, ARC, K, QQQ that can give
you broader or more narrow exposure to
some of these shifts, which can create
opportunities. But again, remember the
goal is to remember that you need to be
a long-term investor because anytime you
see something like this happen,
especially at the speed at which this is
happening, you're going to see more
volatility, more ups and downs. But you
want to understand if you're a long-term
investor, you have to be able to
withstand those ups and downs. And when
you see the next crash happen, because
there's a big chance that we're seeing
an AI bubble being built, that that can
also create an opportunity because it
doesn't look like AI is going away.
Again, if you want some more resources
as an investor, I have my investing
master class for you down in the
description. And if you got value out of
this video, the best thank you is a
referral. So, if you could please share
this video with a friend, a family
member, a colleague, or a fellow
investor. Thank you. The United States
government owes more than $37 trillion.
That means your tax dollars are being
used to pay interest on all that debt.
And this is where President Trump has
been proposing a new plan to help pay
off this debt involving gold and
involving crypto. And most people have
no idea of how this plan works or the
implication of this new plan on your