The government honestly does not care
about you and your affordability crisis
when it comes to housing. Hopefully,
after listening through all of this
video, you're going to be able to make
up your own mind when it comes to your
own financial freedom and retiring
early. If you're interested in stats
like the housing affordability issue
here, the lack of approvals we have in
housing, and the shortage that we're
experiencing that's going to fuel this
perfect storm, then definitely keep
watching.
Hey guys, my name's Ravi and welcome
back to Personal Finance with Ravi
Sharma. If you're new here, smash that
subscribe button because I talk about
real estate, personal development, and
all things financial freedom. Now, it is
scary to think where this will land in
the next 5 to 10 years. And yes, I don't
say that lightly because it is actually
scary when you go out there and say, as
a captain of this ship, I can't be
looking down at my controls. I need to
be looking at the horizon and seeing
what's coming. That's why there's a real
big focus on delayed gratification
because it's no good being in a boat and
you're having a good time only to
realize when you look up there's an
iceberg ahead of you. Let's go through
some really hard-hitting data points and
then I'm going to wrap it all up in a
summary like you always like at the end
of the video. So, let's jump into it.
Now, what we have here is the Australian
dwelling construction versus target. As
I mentioned on this channel, for the
last couple of years, Elbow came out
with a housing target of about 240,000
homes every year. And as you can see, we
got nowhere close to it. What we do see,
and this is very important for your own
learning, is you should see approvals
first and then as a byproduct, you see
the flow on being completions cuz again,
you can't complete a home without the
approval. But the approvals will always
be higher or they should always be
higher than the amount completed cuz you
can get an approval, but you may not
actually go and complete because you
can't afford to or the builder in this
case has gone bust. And that we saw a
lot of over the last couple of years.
You'll see either the blue line go up
first or down, but it'll be followed.
There's a lag effect of the red line
after that. So, what we can see is that
the closest we got to Albo's housing
target was in fact before he even came
up with the target, which is around 2013
2014, where the approvals got as high as
240,000, but completions were closer to
about 220,000. What you're really
talking about is supply here. And we're
going to touch on demand in a second,
but what we know is that around 2016 is
when we saw the top of the market in
Australian housing prices. We didn't see
a collapse post that, but it did
definitely slow down. And what you can
see is that that was the highest we've
ever had in terms of completions. So,
this almost becomes a cheat sheet to
know exactly when prices may start
coming down if we see high levels of
supply. Now, I would go on to argue that
even if we saw the red line go up all
the way to where we were in 2016, we
still won't see prices go down purely
because there's more demand in the
market now versus in 2016. So, that's
something important to cover off. And
that is largely driven by the
immigration that we have in this
country. But what we can see is since
then, we've been on a complete decline
till 2022. And the completions are
around 180,000 a year and they're not
moving up anytime soon. Now, what's even
crazier is that we already did see a
massive amount of approvals in around
2021 2022 and that was largely driven by
the homebuilder scheme that came into
play as well. But what we didn't see was
the completions follow on and that's
because interest rates came in and they
started increasing at the fastest pace
we've ever seen. So, it's going to take
a lot more time this time around to see
completions come onto the market. That's
why I'm so confident that prices will
move much higher because it's a simple
game of supply and demand. If the
government really cared about this, they
would go in there, change a few of these
valves when it comes to how they go at
zoning properties, how they go out to
approve planning, approve properties,
and then there may be greater incentives
to actually go out there and go and
build a new home. But really, they don't
care about that. And one of the reasons
could be is that as prices do go up,
they collect a lot more money. And
they're collecting a lot more money in
the form of taxes and stamp duty. And
then the banks that actually fuel all
this don't actually care either. and
they actually want prices higher, too,
because the higher the price, the higher
the loan you're going to have to pay.
And that means they're going to make a
lot more off the back of you. So, I hope
you understand that what I'm about to
cover off has complete non-bias around
my thoughts of if the market's going up
or down. It's pure data and statistics.
It's going out there and saying, "Well,
I voted in these guys because they were
going to change the world." No one's
going to change the world for you. You
have to change it yourself. And it's
hard-hitting, but it's the truth. The
next piece to this puzzle is the home
guarantee scheme. It was supposed to
come out on the 1st of Jan 2026. The
government then decided, well, actually,
we're going to bring it forward. So,
they announced that it's now live as of
1st of October 2025. So, I have always
been of the belief that if the
government gets involved, prices will go
higher. And that's exactly what's about
to play out. In fact, Lateral Economics
forecast that the 5% deposit scheme
could increase home prices nationally by
an additional 3.5% to 6.6% 6% in 2026
and for several years afterwards.
However, in segments targeted by first
home buyers, which are defined as those
below the scheme's generous price caps,
the impact is expected to be even
greater with homes tipped to rise by an
additional 5.3% to 9.9%. Now, key word
here is additional. So if the market was
to stay exactly the same without the
grants coming in, you would probably see
prices move much higher about 7 to 10%
next year in 2026. Now with the
introduction of this 5% home guarantee
scheme, it's an additional 3.5 to 6.6%.
But that I believe will be for prices
that are above the caps. So for example,
the caps have moved from about $900,000
in New South Wales, capital city, and
regional centers all the way up to $1.5
million. And in the rest of New South
Wales, it's gone from 750 to 800,000. So
the key here is that while most people
will think that prices underneath this
cap are going to move higher, everything
as a force has to move higher as well.
So if you think about it, a property
right now, let's say it's worth $1.4
million, you're going to have a lot of
demand in the market for that $1.4
million property because it's under the
price cap. So yes, you're going to have
a lot more demand. But if that property
now has so much demand that it goes from
1.4 before to 1.55. It's now above the
price cap. Well, guess what happens to
the house that was worth 1.55. That
house might be 150k worth better, which
means there's going to be now increasing
demand, saying if I can buy this for
1.55 and I can buy this for 1.55, I'm
buying that one cuz that one's so much
better. It's going to push prices higher
across the entire market. Now, I would
go on to say that the lower end of the
property market is going to push higher
because there's more demand coming in
for that. But it's always been the case
and that's what I've spoken about for
the better part of 5 years on this
channel. I basically said there was a
pyramid. What you had at the upper end,
the pointy end of the pyramid was prices
that were only accessible by the rich.
It was the most expensive markets in
Australia and they would have very
little demand because not everyone can
afford it. But when you go down into the
more affordable range, everyone can
afford it. And that means that there's
always constant demand in that market.
Now, one could go on to argue is at the
top end you also have a lack of supply
and that's why you see that market
continue to be robust but you also see a
lot of volatility especially when things
slow down. Now, it's also important to
note that building a house now is
significantly more expensive than what
it was say 20 or 30 years ago. We also
saw all the supply chain issues and then
the inflation that came in that caused
house prices to increase even more and
construction costs even went up. But
when you compare this to wage growth,
it's absolutely absurd. What you can see
here is Australian average new house
construction costs versus wages growth
balanced top 100 Q3 of 1997. So it's
from 1997 and we can see how this number
which is the wage growth has been linear
and you've had this absolute mammoth
period here when the pandemic happened
and you saw average cost to construct a
new home increase rapidly which means
it's so much harder now to build a home
relative to how much you can save and
get into the market. So, while these
home guarantee schemes and first home
owner grants can help you get into the
market, it's still very difficult to go
out there and build a new home, which is
why supply is actually so low because
not everyone can afford to go and build
all these homes. And for developers,
they not only need to build it, they
need to pass on that cost to someone
who's willing to build it. And then they
also have to sell it to the market. And
right now, they're probably looking at
it and saying, "If prices don't move
higher, I can't actually make sense for
us to go and purchase this property,
knock it down, rebuild something, and
then sell it to the market. I don't have
any profit in that. I'm just staying out
of the game. So, hence why when you do
see prices increase, what you do see
follow is supply starting to increase as
well because now the developers come in
and say actually the market for a
property like this can make me profit of
about half a million. So, yes, I will
now go out there and build this property
versus when the market's declining, it's
the opposite effect. So, while the
numbers for supply are low right now, I
do see incoming supply coming through
and that's going to then slow down the
market. But that's going to happen when
the shortage is actually met. So if you
think about it, demand's here, supply is
here. Supply is going to increase, but
so is demand. And by the time it
actually catches up, there's housing
associations that have come out saying
that we're not going to actually match
this. So we're not going to get to
equilibrium until like 2029. So for a
lot of people that sit there and say
18.6 year cycles, the market's going to
top out in 2026. Explain to me how
exactly that works. Because that 18.6
year land cycle wasn't created for the
Australian market. The Australian
market's quite young relative to the UK
and the US land markets. That's why it's
always been deemed to be effective there
and as a byproduct, we've now tried to
associate it to what's happening here. I
still believe that we probably see a top
in maybe 2028. But when you see these
numbers and you see increasing amounts
of demand being in the form of
immigration that's coming into the
country, you need to have something
drastically change for the view that
prices will come down much harder
because you have such a severe shortage
and it's not changing anytime soon. And
this graph here puts it into
perspective. Median lot prices. So it's
also costing a lot more to acquire the
land itself. So construction costs are
going up, but also to purchase the lot
is a lot higher as well. You can see in
the blue is September 2014. And then in
the orange color we've got September
2024. So it's about 10 years and you've
seen prices basically double across
Sydney, across Melbourne, across
Brisbane, Adelaide is a bit slower.
Perth a bit slower and Herobart's
increased by about 2x as well. And the
final graph I have here is the
Australian housing credit growth. In
order for the housing market to be
robust and actually increase in prices,
you need the availability of credit to
be a lot easier. and you can go and map
out exactly when we had slowdowns in
terms of price growth in Australia and
when we're about to see prices go much
higher. So let's go through this. So in
the black here we have total, in blue we
have owner occupier and in the orange we
have investor loans. So what you'll see
is the greatest volatility will come
with investors and the reason for that
is because they are purely looking at
numbers. Owner occupiers is a bit more
robust because people still need shelter
and they were willing to go out and be
emotional rather than go out and buy
rationally. Let's pay attention to the
black line, which is the total, cuz it's
pretty much an average of the two. And
you can see that when we see periods of
high amounts of growth in terms of
credit, we usually see prices go much
higher. And what we can see is that in
2016, which is what I referred to
earlier in this video, was that supply
was increasing, high number of approvals
and completions and credit growth went
down. And what we saw after that was a
few softer years in the Australian
property market. So when this number
goes down, you usually see prices also
follow. Then what we saw was obviously
the pandemic. We saw a lot of people
start borrowing money cuz interest rates
were cheap. You went out there, prices
went much higher. Then we saw it slow
down as interest rates went up and
markets like Sydney and Melbourne went
down in prices, but a lot of the other
regional centers actually continued
going much higher. And what we're seeing
now is the increase in credit flow. And
we're going to see, I believe, all-time
highs on this number. So, we're nowhere
near where the top is when it comes to
credit growth and the amount of credit
that's going to be out there. If you
compare this to about 24 months from
now. So, what happens when we see this
number go up, we usually see prices also
follow. And the market already is hot
now. You see clearance rates going up.
You see home guarantee schemes with the
government getting involved coming
through and you're starting to see
interest rates fall, which means more
people can come into the market. So,
when you combine all of that, it becomes
the perfect storm for a lot of people
that aren't in the market that think the
market's going to go down and they're
sitting out because they believe some
land cycle that someone came up with is
going to play out exactly to the tea
because 2026 is apparently the top. What
happens if it's 2028? What happens if we
base this completely on the shortage of
supply and that meeting up with demand
in 2029? That's still a good 3 and 1/2
to 4 years worth of growth that you
could potentially miss out on. And
that's why it's always important you
diversify your risk. You go out there,
have the right team with you, structure
your finances carefully, have a
strategy, and have an emergency fund. If
you need help with structuring the
finances, you need help with finding the
right properties. I'll leave two links
in the description box below for a free
call, and it'll allow you to get started
and start moving faster than a lot of
people that just want to sit there and
comment down below. So, hope you guys
have enjoyed this video. If you have,
smash the subscribe button, and I'll
catch you guys in the next one. Thanks
guys.