Back in July, Congress passed the Genius Act to 
regulate stable coins. And the result was that ETH
rallied up by 50% with Soul experiencing explosive 
growth a few weeks later. Since that time,
everyone has been wondering what catalyst will 
cause the rest of the crypto market to experience
the same explosive growth. The answer could be 
the Clarity Act. That's why today we're going
to tell you everything that you need to know 
about the Clarity Act, including what it is,
when it could pass, and why altcoins could 
be doomed if it doesn't. My name is Louis,
and I'm a new host here. You will have seen me 
on the Coin Bureau News, as well as many videos
on more Coin Bureau. I'm excited to be part of the 
Coin Bureau team and bring you many of the videos
that you know and love. But for now, let's dive 
into the Clarity Act. Now, before we get started,
nothing in this video is financial advice. It's 
for education and entertainment purposes only,
intended to inform you about the Clarity 
Act. If you find content like this helpful,
then do us a favor by smashing that like 
button because it really helps us out. Now,
let's begin with a bit of context and explain what 
the Clarity Act actually is. In a nutshell, it's
a market structure bill that aims to provide some 
clarity, shocking, I know, about which regulator
should be calling the shots when it comes to 
crypto, the Securities and Exchange Commission or
SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission or 
CFTC. To determine this, the Clarity Act sets out
the legal definitions for things like blockchain, 
digital assets, digital commodity, and mature
blockchain systems. Basically, if a digital asset 
like a token is tied to a centralized project,
then it's a digital security regulated by the SEC. 
If it's part of a decentralized mature blockchain,
then it's a digital commodity regulated by the 
CFTC. But here's where things get interesting.
The Clarity Act also introduces something called 
investment contract assets. What this means is
that tokens can switch categories over time. 
If a project starts centralized, it's under
SEC's oversight. But once it meets the criteria 
for being mature and decentralized, it becomes
a commodity and shifts to the CFTC's oversight. 
But it doesn't stop there. The Clarity Act also
guarantees the right to self-custody, ensures that 
the rules around existing trade by products like
futures, swaps, and securities are unaffected, and 
encourages global regulators to extend existing
anti-money laundering or AML frameworks to include 
the crypto industry. Not only that, but the bill
also provides long overdue investor protections. 
For example, it increases transparency by
requiring projects to regularly disclose their 
financials, token supply, developmental progress,
and risks. And under the bill, the SEC and the 
CFTC will work together to create processes to
remove dodgy tokens from trading platforms. If 
all of that wasn't enough, the bill even allows
projects to raise up to $75 million a year without 
needing to register with the SEC first, so long as
the project is expected to become a decentralized 
commodity within 4 years. This paves the way for
many altcoin projects to hit the ground running, 
supercharged both with innovation and investment.
As you might have guessed, the Clarity Act builds 
on previous regulatory efforts, including bills
like FIT 21, the Lumis Gillibrand proposal, the 
Digital Commodities Consumer Protection Act,
and the Securities Clarity Act. Each of these 
bills failed, but they ultimately led to the
Clarity Act being drafted. The Clarity Act 
itself was introduced on the 29th of May this
year by Representative French Hill, chair of 
the House Financial Services Committee. It was
one of three major crypto bills debated by the 
House of Representatives during its so-called
crypto week back in July. The other two bills 
discussed during Crypto Week were the Genius Act,
which regulates stable coins, and the Anti-CBDC 
Surveillance Act, which prohibits the creation of
a central bank digital currency or CBDC. Notably, 
the Genius Act was already passed by the Senate
the month prior and was signed into law by the 
House during crypto week with a vote of 308 to
122. This meant the Genius Act is now law and 
it's the only crypto bill that has been signed
into law so far. The House passed the Clarity 
Act with a majority 294 to 134 vote, but it still
needs approval from the Senate. The anti-CBDC 
surveillance act also received bipartisan support
in the House, but barely scraped through with a 
vote of 219 to 217. Certainly puts the priority
of some politicians into perspective, doesn't 
it? In any case, these recent developments make
it clear. It's a question of if, not when, the 
crypto market will experience explosive growth,
including altcoins. And if you're looking to 
trade crypto, then you have to check out the Coin
Bureau deals page. That's where you'll find signup 
bonuses of up to $100,000, trading fee discounts
of up to 50%, and deposit cashbacks of up to 75% 
on the best crypto exchanges. All you need to do
right now is hit the link in the description or 
scan this QR code. Once you get on the deals page,
you'll see all of our offers across a range of 
exchange partners. Just click one of the sign
up now buttons and that should take you right 
to the deal. And remember though, these deals,
they won't be around forever. So take advantage 
of them while you still can using the link in the
description below or by scanning the QR code on 
the screen. So the Clarity Act was passed by the
House in July, but still needs to be passed in the 
Senate. Originally, this was expected to happen on
September 30th. But well, this is crypto, folks, 
and nothing is ever that simple. Put simply,
politicians can't agree on what's best, which 
shouldn't really be a surprise to anybody. There's
also some disagreement about the Clarity Act, too. 
That's because Senate Democrats are calling for
increased collaboration on the bill, emphasizing 
the need for bipartisan cooperation. And there's
the usual suspects like Senator Elizabeth 
Warren, the Cruella Deville of crypto. In July,
Warren warned that the Genius Act and the Clarity 
Act could quote blow up the entire economy. Her
argument is that under the Clarity Act, companies 
of any kind could avoid SEC scrutiny by simply
digitizing themselves on the blockchain. On top 
of this, the Clarity Act faces further delays
due to the leader or lack thereof of the CFTC. 
Brian Quinten's was Trump's top pick as chair of
the agency and was expected to fill the role by 
the end of July. However, Quinten's appointment
was stalled reportedly thanks to the Wlvoss 
twins, who you'll recognize as the billionaire
founders of crypto exchange Gemini. Basically, the 
Winklv spoke with Trump, basically arguing that
Quintens wouldn't shake the CFTC up enough. This 
leadership vacuum created uncertainty around the
AY's regulatory approach and capacity. Note that 
Quintens was a strong proponent of the Clarity Act
and the delay in this confirmation casts doubt 
over the act's momentum in the minds of many
investors. It's not just politicians that could 
hinder the Clarity Act, though. And that's because
the Senate also has other competing bills, notably 
the Responsible Financial Innovation Act or RFIA.
The RFIA offers a different approach to crypto 
regulation with a narrower scope and emphasizing
SEC authority over CFTC authority. The good 
news though is that even with these delays,
the setbacks won't significantly impact the 
Clarity Act, which is still set to be written
into law before the end of the year. So when could 
the Clarity Act realistically be signed into law?
Well, the general consensus is that the delays we 
just mentioned won't be all that significant with
many predicting that the act will still pass the 
Senate by the end of October. However, it's quite
possible that this is a tad optimistic given the 
legislative hurdles that remain. Senator Cynthia
Lumis had previously named Thanksgiving as a 
target date, but in early September said that this
quote might be too optimistic, suggesting it might 
not happen until 2026. However, she also added
that quote, "It's really important to me that we 
get this done by the end of the calendar year.
It's like being pregnant for 4 years, you know, 
please let it happen." Interesting way of putting
it. Senator John Kennedy echoed this sentiment, 
saying that lawmakers shouldn't be rushing to
advance a crypto market structure bill. In his 
words, quote, "I don't think we're ready. People
that I talked to still have a lot of questions. I 
know I still have a lot of questions." Meanwhile,
Senator Kristen Gillibrand is reluctant to put a 
deadline on the bill due to the looming government
shutdowns that will inevitably cause delays. She 
says that quote, "The most important issue that
Congress has to deal with right now is the fiscal 
cliff and added that it will be a time-consuming
process." Translation: Crypto isn't really the 
priority right now. To add to this uncertainty,
a planned markup hearing for a draft bill by the 
Senate Banking Committee was pushed back from
September 30th to late October. Meanwhile, the 
Senate Agriculture Committee has yet to publish
any draft legislation. And this is significant 
because both committees need to be able to
support any bill addressing market structure 
before it can move to the Senate or the House
of Representatives. All of this is precisely 
why analysts are less confident. According to
Poly Market, the chances of the Clarity Act being 
signed into law by the end of 2025 is just 31%.
Down from a high of 87% in mid July. So then a 
lot of mixed opinions. From our perspective, this
could go one of two ways. If everything proceeds 
smoothly even after the short government shutdown,
we can realistically expect the Clarity Act to be 
signed into law by the end of the year. However,
if politicians continue to butt heads about 
the bill or anything else for that matter,
then a likely scenario would be that the bill will 
instead pass in early 2026. If we had to guess,
we'd say that this was the more likely 
outcome. There is one big caveat, though,
and that's because regardless of when the bill 
is passed, it technically wouldn't go into force
right away. Once Trump signs the bill into 
law, federal agencies like the SEC and the
CFTC will need to write the actual regulations 
that the crypto industry will need to follow.
This rulemaking process is complex and includes 
drafting, public comment periods, revisions,
and finalization. It could take several years 
before rules officially come into force and have
full legal effect. Now, along with all of the 
uncertainty about when clarity will be passed,
there's also growing skepticism that it'll even be 
passed at all. That's because there are competing
bills under consideration, such as the Responsible 
Financial Innovation Act or RFIA that we mentioned
earlier. Naturally, this raises the question, 
what happens if clarity doesn't pass at all? The
most immediate consequence would be heightened 
uncertainty in the market. I mean, even without
delving into technical details, the mere rejection 
of a bill that's literally called the Clarity Act
could signal to many that regulatory clarity for 
the crypto industry is off the table, regardless
of whether that's actually true or not. On a more 
fundamental level though, the regulatory landscape
for crypto in the US would remain uncertain and 
fragmented due to the ongoing disputes between the
SEC and the CFTC about who gets to regulate what, 
so to speak. Whichever way you cut it though,
the market hates uncertainty. In other words, 
this would almost be guaranteed to cause prices
to crash. It could even become a key catalyst that 
kickstarts the next bare market. Yikes. For what
it's worth though, this is unlikely to happen. And 
that's simply because the SEC and the CFTC would
quickly provide alternative structures to help 
regulate the crypto industry. You might recall
that back in July, the SEC launched Project 
Crypto, led by Commissioner Hester Pierce,
aka the Crypto Mom. Project Crypto was set up 
as an initiative to modernize securities laws
and regulations to accommodate digital assets 
and embrace crypto innovation. Meanwhile, the
CFTC launched a crypto sprint in August, aiming 
to expedite rulemaking and guidance within its
existing authority, including soliciting public 
feedback on allowing spot crypto asset contracts
trading on regulated exchanges. Both agencies then 
issued a joint statement in September announcing
that exchanges registered with the SEC or the CFTC 
can offer spot trading of certain crypto products.
This decision gives markets immediate clarity 
on what's allowed under current laws. Moreover,
the joint statement emphasizes the need 
for collaboration between the two agencies
while following guidance from the president's 
working group on digital assets. For context,
this refers to a report released in late July 
titled, quote, "Strengthening American leadership
in digital financial technology, which outlined 
recommendations for establishing comprehensive
federal framework to regulate digital assets. 
And we actually did a video diving deep into this
160page report, which you can watch right over 
here. The point though is that even if the Clarity
Act somehow doesn't make it through its final 
stages, it wouldn't be long before a new piece
of legislation would take its place. Thankfully, 
crypto regulation has become a bipartisan issue,
and politicians are hyperfocused on creating 
fair rules for the industry. As such, they would
quickly table new legislation that would make 
it across the finish line as soon as possible,
if only to avoid the wrath of the president. At 
this stage, the most likely replacement would
be the RFIA bill, but other draft legislation 
could also be considered in the future. By now,
you'll know that the Clarity Act is highly 
anticipated and is seen as many as an incredibly
bullish development for the crypto industry. But 
what if I told you that actually the Clarity Act
could in fact be a bearish development? Sounds 
crazy, right? Well, maybe not as crazy as you
might think. That's because the Clarity Act 
sets the stage for TradeFi investors to benefit
massively from the newly clarified rules on 
digital asset custody, trading, and registration,
allowing them to become major players in the 
crypto ecosystem. Many would argue that having
more involvement from TradeFi is a good thing as 
it would mean more money flowing into the crypto
markets. The flip side, however, is that the 
involvement of TradeFi arguably goes against the
very ethos of what crypto is all about, offering 
an alternative to the traditional financial
system. This is something that's already happening 
with the Genius Act, which explicitly requires US
stable coin issuers to be issued by trade entities 
like banks, credit unions, bank subsidiaries,
and federally regulated financial institutions. 
Stable coin issuers also need to gain approval
from the Federal Reserve and demonstrate their 
ability to comply with relevant laws before they
can issue any tokens. This effectively hands over 
control of stable coins, the lifeblood of DeFi,
to the very entities that crypto was designed 
to disrupt. But it's not just stable coins.
Mega banks including JP Morgan, Cityroup, and 
others are actively building their very own
blockchains and tokenized payment rails to seize 
this regulatory moment. Many are already piloting
private permissioned internal blockchains for 
everything from instant settlement to programmable
payments and tokenized asset issuance. In theory, 
once the Clarity Act finally goes live, these
trade giants will have their infrastructure ready 
to scale up quickly. And just like that, financial
institutions could become the new gatekeepers of 
crypto. Naturally, this will be a huge turnoff for
more than a few investors. But if we take off our 
tinfoil hats, you'll see that it's not all doom
and gloom. The crypto industry is in desperate 
need for clear regulation, and the Clarity Act
provides exactly that. Without clear rules of 
the road, the industry's disruptive potential
will be severely limited. Put simply, the Clarity 
Act may not be the perfect solution for everyone,
but it's essential that it gets passed for 
crypto projects to freely innovate. Without it,
many new projects will fail, and many existing 
altcoins could be doomed as a result. Thankfully,
it's only a matter of time before the Clarity 
Act, or indeed any other similar legislation,
is passed into law. Once the guardrails are in 
place, you could bet that we'll see a huge surge
in crypto innovation, which will send the altcoin 
market skyrocketing. But what do you think? Will
the passing of the Clarity Act mean sacrificing 
crypto spirit? Or will it unleash a new wave of
growth, innovation, and adoption? Let us know 
your thoughts in the comments section below.
Okay, so if you want to learn about how 
banks are threatening the crypto industry,
then check out that video right over here. 
And if you want to learn more about the
CFTC's impact on the crypto market, check out 
that video right over here. Thank you all so
much for watching and we'll see you again 
in the next one. This Lewis over and out.