Hey guys, this is the market update.
It's definitely time to pay attention
because look at Bitcoin seasonality in
the period that we're going into. This
is Bitcoin's price performance on a
monthly basis uh over its 16-year
history. The summer is usually super
quiet. June, August, September, really
poor months for returns. And then you
come into October and November, massive
outperformers in terms of uh where the
price moves. That's good news. We don't
know exactly what's going to happen. I
don't know what's going to happen to the
price on a weekly or monthly basis, but
I think conditions are really good. The
Fed's cutting interest rates. They're
focused on unemployment. That's the code
that they tell us, "Okay, we're going to
be more doubbish. That's good for risk
assets. Oh, but it's inflationary." Yes,
this is how it works. They cut interest
rates. They create inflation on purpose.
That's the whole point. And then when it
gets way out of control and everyone
starts getting annoyed again, they bring
it down. They want to create inflation,
which is why they're cutting interest
rates. Don't worry about inflation. If
they're not worried about it, I'm not
worried about it. If it's 3, four, 5,
6%. Doesn't matter. If they're not
worried, I'm not worried. They're
cutting interest rates. The Treasury
wants this as well. They want to
refinance. They want to bring lowend
interest rates down. That means they can
issue more debt there. And they can even
carry out Treasury buybacks, which you
know, in my opinion, is a form of yield
curve control. That's where they issue
on the short end at lower interest
rates. They take that cash, they buy
back their own bonds on the long end to
try and bring the long end rates down as
well. It's very small scale right now.
It's not like huge yield curve control,
but that's basically what they're trying
to do, right? They're buying back their
own treasuries on the long end. They
want to issue debt on the short end at
lower rates. And the stable coin thing
is part of that, right? They want a lot
of demand on the low end. I want to get
interest rates down on the low end. This
is manipulation of the currency. This is
why we're in Bitcoin. But look, Bitcoin
is hardly weak, right? I've been trying
to buy some in this white box. I have
got a few bids off really at like the
absolute top of this box right here. So,
I've got a couple of bids off. I'm still
going long. I'm not going to start
getting out until much higher where I
think the price goes. But look, this
bull market is hardly weak. I mean,
look, we we're what, 6% 7% off an
all-time high. I just wish it would draw
down more. I wish it would come into
this box. I've still got bids here. But
in previous bull markets, 20 25% draw
downs. Totally normal. Now, you're
getting these small draw downs. You
can't really get in, right? It's tight.
So, look, it's hardly weak price action,
right? But we're going into a good
seasonal period. Um, whether we perform,
I don't know, but I think the conditions
are pretty good. If you trade, check out
Blowin. The link in the description will
get your deposit bonus. Just send over
some USDT. They'll give you a great
deposit uh bonus to trade with. They've
also got VIP if you're a new user as
well. So, they'll give you like a one
month VIP with lower trading fees and
some other bonuses as well. I'll leave
the link below in the description. The
Bitcoin exchange rate versus dollars is
still ranging higher, right? In fact, if
anyone would just look at this chart and
actually not know what the asset was,
you just see this thing, higher lows,
higher lows, ascending wedge pattern
here in a bull market, right? You're
still getting higher lows in this
ascending wedge. We haven't even broken
out of this wedge yet. This is on the
weekly chart. If you look at this chart,
you would just say this is going to go
higher, right? It just feels like that
way. Now, we don't know, right? But the
Fed cutting interest rates, there hasn't
been a financial crash, right? That's
not why they're cutting interest rates.
They're just offside. They need to come
lower. The Treasury can release some
liquidity when they come lower. That's a
decent position to be in. There's risks
when you're in assets, right? But if you
look on balance, we're in a pretty
decent position. And it's not euphoric.
We're not overly confident. We're not at
180k, you know, gone up here and
everyone's saying it's going to go
higher. It's a decent place to be. Now,
gold as a share of reserves versus USS.
JP Morgan, I think it think it was that
said everything is credit except for
gold. Well, in the digital age,
everything is credit except for Bitcoin.
Stable coins are credit and they're
going to proliferate and they're going
to grow and they're backed by digital
capital this time, not by gold. But
look, these uh central banks, they're in
a different era. Bitcoin is way too
small for them, but they don't want USS
anymore, right? The demand for USS is
waning in comparison to gold, which is
fine for them, but we all know that
Bitcoin is far superior. Now, what's
going to happen in the digital age, just
like what happened in the uh previous
era, is that you have an asset and then
you have the paper. Everything is credit
except for gold. Stable coins are credit
and Bitcoin is the asset in the digital
era. This is what the US uh the current
US admin has figured out. And they're
going to proliferate dollars. Dollars
are not going anywhere. They're going to
get stronger. They're going to get more
abundant because debt cannot be paid
off. Has to be more and more and more
until the whole thing collapses at some
point. Maybe that will be in the future,
but it won't be happening now because
they have figured out that the free
market has created this mechanism to
distribute dollars to more people. That
means, and this is their plan, they want
to create even more. The government will
never not create paper, right? Yep.
They're going to create more and more
and more until obviously the confidence
goes in that paper because it is just a
confidence game. It's a confidence
trick, right? It's a Ponzi scheme. It's
debt. It's paper. It's not it's not
anything real. But they're going to
print and print and print until the
Ponzi scheme collapses and they're going
to proliferate it through stable coin
network, smart contract chains. They
want to find more demand for their paper
and that's going to flow into the asset.
And it's a game as old as time. And it
happened with actual paper and gold,
physical paper and gold in the previous
era. And now it's happening in the
digital era with stable coins and
bitcoin. And don't be holding the wrong
thing. You don't want to be holding the
paper. Everything is credit except for
Bitcoin. Don't be holding stable coins
or any more than you need to pay for
your current liabilities. I know it's
difficult because these assets are
volatile and you have fixed current
liabilities, right? I get that. You got
rent or mortgage or whatever to pay.
That's down to personal, you know,
financial management. But it's so
obvious, right, that the paper is going
to proliferate even more with stable
coins, more demand for stable coins,
more issuance on the short end. And
that's going to create uh more dollars
in the digital era, which means the
credit is backed upon the digital asset,
which is Bitcoin. And as we can see
here, this is a 200E moving average in
white. Every time the 200E moving
average crosses the previous all-time
high price, it seems to uh peak out the
bull market. You can see that one
happened once here, happened twice. Two
data points. We don't know, right? But
there may be some time left. If the 200E
moving average crosses,
see what the price is. If the price is
180, 200, hey, the red box is where I'm
letting go my trades anyway. That's been
my plan all along and I'm still waiting
for it. The reason why I say that is
because I don't know what's going to
happen to the price, right, on any given
week or month or anything else. But for
me, that doesn't matter. I've got my
spot DCAs. I've got my spot bitcoin,
right? I'm just going to keep buying
that. I think another 10 years of buying
that, right? You have to just work earn
as much money as you can buy the assets.
But for trades, the only thing I'm
worried about is not the price or where
it will get to. It's just my
liquidation. If you're using a bit of
leverage in trades, is can you withstand
a x amount draw down, right? If you're
using 2x leverage, a 50% draw down from
your cost basis, right? And so if it's
3x leverage, a 33% draw down, whatever
that is. But if the price is near the
trend rate, I'm not worried about big
draw downs. If the price is up here,
then you have to be worried about big
draw downs, you know, starting to get
out of your trades. So that red box is
where I'm going to let go. If we don't
get into that red box, why would I let
go my trades? We can come back down. I
can dollar cost average. I can just, you
know, keep the trade going. For me, I
just want to get out of the trade when
the price is overdone in relation to
trend. And as long as my cost basis
allows for that, then I can just keep
going into the trades, right? So, I'm
not predicting the price. I think that's
silly. You can't do that. All you have
to predict is what you can control,
which is how much leverage you're in in
those trades and your cost basis. And if
you get wiped out, whole point of a
trade is just to be in the trade and
wait and wait. Bitcoin usually gets a
bit overdone in relation to its trend.
That's where you can let some go. If it
happens next month or in six months
time, I'm ready, right? And I I don't
need to make the decision until it's
made for me. I also saw that Vanguard
are now going to allow Bitcoin trading
in their investment accounts. Under the
previous CEO, they said absolutely no
way. They're never going to offer
Bitcoin. Uh he basically didn't believe
in it. Yeah, I thought it was a scam
probably. They booted him out and got a
new CEO. That's a very expensive mistake
on his part. You can't afford to be
ideological about this. Black Rockck's
best performing ETF in terms of fees or
one-off is the Bitcoin ETF. Hundreds of
millions of dollars into that business.
As a CEO, that's a big mistake to say
that you're not going to tap into that.
So he's out, new guy's in. Look, the
market wants what it wants. And Bitcoin
is what the market wants because it's
perfect as a store of value. That's it.
And so NASDAQ, gold, Bitcoin, Bitcoin
still outperforms. Everyone's saying
that gold's having a good year.
Whatever, man. Bitcoin can move 20, 30,
40% in a six week period, completely
destroy everything else. It has the
outperformance. We can see that over
time. Nothing's even close. Dollar cost
average Bitcoin, you can see over the
last 12 months, you know, we haven't
moved a lot, right? Gold has moved up as
you can see here. If you value Bitcoin
in gold, you can see that we haven't
even broken out here. I would suggest if
we look at the longerterm chart of
Bitcoin and gold that Bitcoin has uh
more to go in terms of its price
appreciation versus gold. So, we're at
alltime highs versus dollars, but like I
said previously, that's the red herring.
You got to value Bitcoin in other assets
and gold and NASDAQ and everything else.
We we're hardly even started. If this is
a real bull market, we go higher in gold
terms. And that's another um you know
little indicator that when you do get
that breakout versus gold potentially
you want to let some trades go as well
because you know these breakouts they
happen. They're huge and then you just
come and you know retract for a little
bit. But if we're not breaking out
people are a little bit cautious. We're
not overly done. We're not overly
euphoric. We haven't broken out versus
gold. We haven't reached the top of the
range in terms of the exchange rate
versus dollars. I don't know. I think I
want to stay in my trades. Right. So if
you trade check out blow fin. You can
get really good uh deposit bonus there.
just send over some USDT and you get VIP
for a month as well. You can check out
buy it as well if you want to trade on
there with a big deposit bonus. Links in
description for all of that. I'm James
Many G.