Oi, punters, question for you. Is our
prime minister a lobbyist for gambling
corporations? Uh, politician Penny Wong
says no, he is not. Politician David PCO
says yes, he bloody is. There's only one
way to solve this, and that's with the
punt test. Have a watch of this and tell
me in the comments below what you think.
>> Okay, here's the clip. Let's watch it.
>> Parliament Sports Club is a listed club
>> is a listed lobbying organization
>> penny sports club. It's called a sports
club. Keep that in mind. Punters
>> and lists as one of its clients among
many others responsible wager in
Australia.
>> Gambling lobby group. Thank you. I'll
just call out too if Penny Wong can
>> I think six of the biggest betting
companies. And the PM is the president.
So he's essentially president of a
lobbying firm that lists responsible
wagering Australia, FISA, DiGio, a bunch
of others. So, in in terms of the code
of conduct, is is a prime minister
allowed to be the president of a
lobbying firm?
>> Is he allowed? Who cares? Should he be
allowed? No bloody way. What the hell?
>> Now, I know you want to get a grab, but
>> Oh, good. Good political maneuver. Bit
of gaslighting. I know you're just a bit
of an attention seeker and you're just
doing this for attention. There's
nothing untoward here.
>> Know that the parliamentary sports club
is a lobbying firm. Now it might know in
the way that in the way
>> it's not a lobbying firm in the way. No,
continue.
>> Uh that uh you you are asserting
>> this is not sports club.
>> Yeah, use the name the name. It doesn't
say it's a lobbying firm. It says sports
club. It's on the tin. Don't read the
ingredients.
>> Well, it may be required under the under
the code of conduct or whatever the code
of lobbying. What's it? It may be
required because it's representing
corporate firms and gambling. Yeah.
Technically, but it's called sports club
>> of lobbyists uh to to register. I accept
that. And you've got information which
shows that. But I think to assert that
somehow this is a commercial lobbying
company in the way that people
understand where someone pays you to try
and lobby Senator Cash or Senator Wong
about well then you know I think you
little straw man Penny Wong she's these
prolevel political maneuvers. First the
tutt belittling it's a sports club and
then with the straw man. Oh you saying
Anthony Albenezy is directly a lobbyist.
Oh that's wrong. He's like, "No."
>> What you were doing when you made when
you made that assertion?
>> Yes. Parliamentary Sports Club.
>> Thank you.
>> And Responsible Wagering Australia,
>> you're probably a member
>> pay the parliamentary sports club for
access
>> which seems like
>> a lobbying organization to me and you
know, you kind of got to ask questions
where we're 2 years after the Murphy
review and your government hasn't even
responded to Peter Murphy's work. Now,
before we go to the jury, you punts out
there in the comments below, let's just
take a look. Who's Who's politician
David PCO? I see him pop up every now
and then. Here's a quick refresher on
who this bloke is.
That's David Poke. So, that's his stake
in the game. He's an athlete. Uh was an
athlete, is an athlete, and he's not
happy with the influence of gambling
companies and gambling lobbyists that
they have on our politicians directly.
So, let's go to this. Is Penny Wong
right to downplay this? Is blown out of
proportion? Well, let's take a look. The
gambling lobby has infiltrated social
sports clubs Parliament House. So, as
they established, there is a sports club
at Parliament House where all the
politicians can sign up, join, and go
play sports with whoever you are.
Doesn't matter what um political party
you're in. You can go play touch footy
in the mornings, basketball, net,
whatever it is. And turns out most
politicians don't even know this, but it
is registered as a lobbying group. Okay.
Well, why is it registered as a lobbying
group if it's a parliamentary sports
club? Well, take a look at this. This
sports club doesn't just have members
that play the sport like your local
basketball team. It has clients on the
register. FISA, Ciro, Lime Group,
Ampole, Amazon, and Responsible Wagering
Australia, as POC points out there. So,
hang on. I don't know any sporting clubs
that has corporate membership to the
club. Corporate membership to the club
with that starts at $25,000.
Why do I want to pay $25,000 to this
sporting club? Well, their product is
over 200 parliamentary members. That is
the product. Now, punters, you tell me,
is that a lobbying group or a sporting
club? And then obviously the optics of
it is the president of this sporting
club is none other than Anthony Albanzy
himself. Now, how bloody good would it
look if you were a lobbying firm dressed
up as a sporting club with your
president of the sporting club being the
president of Australia, otherwise known
as a prime minister of Australia named
Anthony Aani. Parliamentarians pay $273
uh for 3 years access to parliament.
Pretty cheap. Good deal. I'd sign up. uh
if you think it's a sporting club, but
little do these parliamentarians kind of
know that they're being a pimped out and
there'll be other random dudes there
coming rocking. What? What? Lobbyists
are just rocking up in their sporting
kit to the Monday morning net ball,
mate. Yeah. Good day, Poey. How are you,
mate? Yeah. Yeah. By the way, those
gambling restrictions. Yeah, I'm not a
fan. Oh, really? No way. Oh, pass it.
Pass it. Like, is this This is how I'm
imagining it. Wait, punters, are you sub
to the channel? Cuz if you are, it's not
enough. You got to click the bell icon
as well and sign up to my mailing list
if you want to see the stuff I'm putting
out because this YouTube algorithm is
brutal. Uh, I've got quite a few
subscribers and barely 10% of them see
the video. Anyway, do that if you want
to see more or not. Anyway, back to it.
What do you have to say for yourself,
Prime Minister? Well, that's David PCO
being David PCO and getting himself in a
story. Ah, that's the line that Penny
Wong used. Call him an attention seeker.
That's what it's about. We'll let you
decide if he's getting attention for
himself or he's drawing attention to
something that punters might care about.
This is a voluntary organization that
raises money for charity. So, uh, nice
political maneuver there. Pivots to,
hey, maybe it does raise money for
charity also, but also does it raise
money from corporations and then sell
access to those corporations to the
members who are politicians who make
decisions. Uh, that would be something
to know about. Why is this actually a
problem? Because in 2003, Labour MP
Labour MP Peter Murphy presented a
report to Anthony Albanesei government
recommending a ban on all gambling ads
saying this is not good. Kids are
gambling. We need to get rid of it. And
this is massively supported by most
Australians. But to date, this was
written October 9, 2025. Uh oh, this was
written yesterday. Wow, I'm hot off the
press. Over two years later, Labour have
refused to act on this recommendation
despite it being supported by everybody.
Now, we have to ask ourselves,
why hasn't the government done what
everybody wants? That they said they
would do that their own minister wrote
the report for and said this is what
experts say, we're all for it. We should
do it. Why hasn't the government done
it? This is where we come to corruption
or coincidence. We're not allowed to use
that word there. So, let's look at the
coincidences. I spent a couple hundred
bucks to go to the grand final. Guess
who got free tickets? Big dog himself.
And guess who he was at the grand final
with? Lachlan Murdoch. Guess who makes a
lot of money from gambling companies
being able to advertise with their
companies? Oh, Lachlan Murdoch and every
establishment corporate media. Guess who
else was in there? Hm. NRL head honcho
Peter Valandis. They're all all these
power brokers. And there's a whole list
of other people in there in this box.
Matt Corman, ComBank CEO. This is a
melting pot of the most powerful people
in Australia. What these big corporate
bludgers do. You've got Seven West big
boss, Jeff Howard, Com Bank, big boss.
You got Queensland Premier, David
Crucifully. You've got Lachlan Murdoch.
Punters. Make no mistake. This is the
power in Australia. and they have a
product that is heavily reliant on the
rules the government makes to how many
millions or billions they're allowed to
make. The government sets those rules
and the government is being asked by
regular punters to ban gambling ads.
Guess who won't be happy with that?
Definitely Lachlan Murdoch, definitely
Peter Valandis, definitely Seven West
Media Boss Jeff Howard cuz they make
money from this. So now we've got the
government in a position where it needs
to make a hard decision that benefits we
the punters or you pander to the power
centers that you took free tickets for.
I bet I don't know. I need to check if
he paid for. I doubt he paid. Um fact
checks welcome citations necessary in
the comments below and smoo and rub
shoulders with the very people that are
asking you explicitly or implicitly, hey
don't pass those gambling ads cuz we'll
lose millions of dollars. This is the
the government has has to make a
decision here and up until right bloody
now it has chosen not to. Meaning it is
Albo has quite literally chosen and
continues to choose these rich punts and
their millions of dollars over you the
regular the regular Aussie punter. And
do you want to know the best bit about
this whole thing? because of this
interaction with Penny Wong here and
David Pog not really being happy and
exposing the lobbyist credentials of
this sporting club. Uh he was kicked out
of the sporting club and he's not
allowed to attend anymore. The best
athlete Parliament House has ever seen
is not allowed to attend any events put
on by the Parliamentary Sports Club.
They kicked him out.
>> They've kicked me out of the club.
They've told me that I can't be a member
and am not welcome to the 10 fixtures
operated by the club.
>> They kicked him out. He's so sad. This
guy lives for sport. Look at him. You
don't make him sad. He's like, "Man, I
can't play sport with my friends
anymore. They took their ball and they
went home." To be fair, though, I would
not want to be in this bloke's way. Oh
my gosh. That's why he really got kicked
out. That's why. He's He's like, "Oh,
cuz I exposed you're a lobbying firm."
No, mate. All the all the
parliamentarians got together. They were
like, "No, look, this dude was just this
this is footage. This is footage from
the parliamentary sports club and they
were just like, "This guy was touch
football. He's destroying us." Ah,
anyway, poor guy. And then punters, it
gets worse. It's not just a one-off
football game. Hey, he like a prime
minister likes a footy. Why shouldn't he
go? I'll tell you what, buy a bloody
ticket. Mine cost $280. Go buy your own
and sit with we the punters. Right.
Sports Bet was invited to a Labour Party
fundraising dinner with an Albanesei
government minister earlier this week. A
Sports Bet employee was amongst a small
group of donors who attended the
boardroom dinner. This dear pundit is
what's called Cash for Access, which
seems like what this sporting club is.
You're a corporation. You pay cash to
this group and they will provide you
with access to our politicians. Oh,
invitations were seen by Guardian
Australia show tickets 90minute event
cost $4,000. But members of the forum
were charged $3,000. So this is how both
Labor and Liberal get money from
corporations. This is the best
investment they've ever made because
guess what? The government still is
choosing to side with them over us.
Which is a perfect wrap-up segue to, hey
punters, don't you think it's a bit of a
joke that corporations can buy access to
our politicians through fundraising did?
Yes. It's almost as if democracies for
sale. Well, dear punders, if you go to
punderspolitics.com, I don't have many
tickets left, unfortunately. But if you
get in quick, there might be some left.
I am having my own political fundraiser,
uh, I have invited both Anthony and, uh,
Susan Lee, but both, uh, have declined
to come. We is being hosted by Ashar
Ginsburg with special friend Robbie
Mills. And I have 10 politicians, maybe
11, coming to the Punters Politics
fundraiser. So, if you would like to buy
access to your politicians, tickets for
this event are only $15,000.
But don't worry, there's a discount code
right here called punter access. Type
that in and you'll get either a $99
ticket or a 45 $49 ticket. Uh, you know,
you choose what you can afford because
if democracy is for sale, we might as
well make a bid. But I want to make it
as affordable for you regular puns. I'll
let I'll give you one guess about which
politician is definitely guaranteed to
come to this. And it's this one. David
PCO, who is not a fan of this practice
of cash for access, uh, he will be
coming. So, if you would like to rub
shoulders with politicians like David
PCO or Nationals MP Bridget McKenzie,
there's seriously probably only 10
tickets left, so uh, get in quick. So,
anyway, um, where did you land on that,
punters? Comment below. Um, is our prime
minister essentially the head of a
lobbying firm or is it just a sports
club? You decide. I'm eager to see
whether or not this passes the punt
test. Anyway, massive thanks to We the
Punters over on Patreon. These are the
punters that keep me making the videos
that I think are important, like this
one. And not just the videos that get
the clicks, but given the YouTube
algorithm lately, oh boy, nothing's
getting many clicks. Anyway, if you'd
like to skip the algorithm, you can sign
up to the mailing list and I'll just
mail you these links to the videos
directly to your inbox because they
can't send your email yet. Anyway, catch
you in the next video. Cheers, puns.