You might be surprised, but there's a
single muscle in our face that
determines how young we appear to
others. Take a look at this photo. Here
are a daughter and her mother. At 26,
the daughter has a well-defined facial
contour, prominent cheekbones, no
wrinkles, and firm skin. Take a look at
the mother. You'll notice that her face
has changed from a youthful triangle to
a square shape. This happens when the
lower third of the face becomes bulkier
and heavy 7. You can see that the facial
contour is no longer well defined. You
can notice the appearance of jowls,
nauseabial folds, and the skin is no
longer firm and smooth. There are a lot
more wrinkles. The face looks puffier
and it has started to sag downward. And
you might tell me that all of this is
just due to aging. You can't stop the
process. But what I'll tell you is that
there's one muscle and all of this
depends on its spasm. If you work with
this muscle and relax it, you can make
your face look 10 years younger. And
that muscle is the massa. Here it is.
Now, for the next 3 minutes, we're going
to do a technique to relax this muscle,
and you'll be amazed at the results you
get. Let's get started. To do this
exercise correctly, your palms need to
be placed directly on this muscle. The
massitor muscle attaches to the angle of
the lower jaw. And here, if you clench
your teeth, you'll feel the muscle tense
up. Next, find your cheekbone. It's
right here. And you place your palm on
this muscle. So, you're pressing on the
lower jaw from both sides, holding it in
place, and then you start pulling
strictly downward. When you create this
downward tension, your mouth will
involuntarily open or slightly open, and
the muscle will gradually start to
stretch as well. It's incorrect if you
place your fingers not on the muscle,
but on the cheekbones and pull on the
cheekbones. That way, you're just
stretching the skin of your face. It's
also incorrect if you pull the jaw
forward. If you try to pull it forward,
you could dislocate the temporal
mandibular joint. But besides the muscle
we are working on now, there's also the
temporal muscle which works in tandem
with the massitor muscle and you need to
work with it differently. I recommend
doing this exercise for 3 minutes. Yes,
after about 30 seconds, you might feel
that it's hard to do the exercise and to
keep your elbows up. So, you can also
rest your elbows on a table and do it
right there. What might you feel? You
might feel burning, numbness or warmth.
These are good signs. The main thing is
to avoid pain. If you feel any sharp
pain in the area of the temporal
mandibular joint, stop doing this
exercise. Even after doing it just once,
you might notice that your cheekbones
are lifted and the lower third of your
face looks slimmer. If you do this every
day, you'll look 10 years younger.
Friends, after doing this technique for
3 minutes, be sure to take an after
photo. You'll be amazed at how your face
has already changed. Next, open your
mouth a few times and try to feel how
your jaw moves now. You'll notice that
your jaw feels lighter and more
flexible. And please be sure to share
your results with me in the comments.
I'll be really looking forward to it.
You can look 5 years younger. In my
program, you can tighten your face,
reduce puffiness, and get rid of
wrinkles. Join now, and make sure to
subscribe to my channel because every
week I release new episodes where I talk
about how to stay healthy and beautiful.
This was Dr. Alice with you and see you
next time.