Is Black Rockck secretly buying this
altcoin before sending it to new highs?
Crypto whales are loading up on these
two altcoins right now as the market
bleeds. So pay attention. This is your
altcoin buzz news.
Hey, what's up everyone? My name is Cody
and if you're new here, make sure to
like, subscribe, and turn on
notifications so you drop our latest
content. Follow us on Twitter.io and as
always is not financial advice and wish
the best of luck in your crypto
adventures. Also, make sure to join us
for Xpaces Tuesday to Friday at 9:00
a.m. EST. Link down below.
All right, good morning, guys. So, of
course, the thing that I didn't want to
happen the most actually happened, and
that's I guess how crypto markets work.
I was hoping that instead we would take
out these lows down here yesterday
around 107 down to around $106,000. I
was looking for us to come up into this
and then reject so that we could finally
take all these out and then continue
higher. And of course, the one that I
thought was the least preferred method
actually happened where we broke back
above this box here. It looks like we're
starting to reclaim right now. We'll
have to see if the daily closes above
here today or if it actually wants to
continue down. But if it continues like
this and it just continues upwards, this
is the least favorite of the scenarios
for me because I think it just means at
some point we will come back and take
these out before heading higher, which
just means we have a larger drop ahead
which is not ideal. So it might look
something like this where we come up
here, maybe even take out some of these
stops up here and then we continue down
and take out all these stops. So it just
leaves a lot of liquidity sitting right
here which is up for grabs at some
point. And so I do think you know it
would be better bull case if we were to
continue if we took these out and then
continued higher versus if we just
continued higher because it's just the
looming the looming idea of all this
money sitting down here uh for some kind
of big liquidation cascade at some
point. So we'll have to see how this
plays out. Um, but really not my my
favorite case right now going on. We
also have Crypto RS saying the SEC chair
Atkins uh said his number one priority
right now is crypto, not stocks, not
bonds, not commodities, and not
derivatives. It's crypto front and
center. It's not just the SEC. The CFDC
is in lock step. Today's joint round
table brought trades
like Kraken, Poly Market, Kalashi, and
Robin Hood to the same table. Swift,
DeFi, tokenization, 24/7 trading.
Nothing is off the agenda. Our industry
isn't fringe anymore. We're the
backbone. We also have Nate Graassi who
says, "The New York Stock Exchange, the
world's largest stock exchange, just met
with the SEC crypto task force. The
topic, you guessed it, tokenized
equities. I know you're paying attention
now." So, they talked about tokenized
equities at the round table today. They
want to bring crypto tokenized stocks on
uh to Trafi essentially. And we also
have Anthony Pompiano saying, "A
volatility is coming. October is
historically a lot of fun. Prepare
yourself. Volatility is coming." That is
the message from Goldman Sachs. They say
that volatility tends to be 25% higher
in October since 1928. October S&P
volatility average 18 vol versus 15 vol
for other months. Sethy associates say
that they believe high October
volatility is more than just a
coincidence. They say that they believe
it is a critical period for many
investors and companies that manage
performance to calendar year end.
Regardless of why it happens or what you
think is actually driving this, the
month of October in stocks is highly
volatile. I don't think this October is
going to be any different. So, prepare
your portfolio and prepare for madness
because volatility is coming and stocks
are likely to go crazy for the next 30
days. And a quick shout out to Surge.
It's this risk-free prediction game on
Telegram where you just swipe to guess
pump or dump, earn rewards, and pick up
some market skills while you're at it.
They've also kicked off a weekly
giveaway. It's super simple. Every week
there's a coin of the week and this week
it's Tao. All you got to do is swipe to
find on the Surge app, screenshot it,
and drop it under their tweet. One
random reply wins $50 in USCT. So, it's
super easy. So, check out Surge, have
some fun swiping, maybe snag some prize
along the way. And then moving on, we
have Chain Link who says, "We're excited
to announce a major industry milestone
in a global corporate action initiative
led by Chainlink in collaboration with
24 of the world's largest financial
organizations, including Swift, with
DTCC, and Eurolear." We also have Kelly
saying chain links to a partnership just
got real. The three-month chart also
shows bottom structure stack. So you can
see here actually chain link looks
really good on this three month
three-month structure right here. We
have smart con who says chain link
whales are buying like never before.
Whale wallets are scooping up link at
record pace. The most aggressive
accumulation in link history. You can
see the parabolic flow of uh whales
accumulating link right here. We also
have Ronnie who says Wales scooped up
6.3 million link worth $135 million
during the dip while exchanges saw
massive withdrawals. Whales are holding
52.68% of link supply. The supply is
tightening. So you can see here the blue
is the whale wallets which hold over 52%
of all chain link. Now chain link is
one. If we go here to the chart, it has
been in this downtrend. And so he's
talking about this dip right here around
19 where it went back down here. It
actually looks pretty clean actually. If
we came come down here as like a nice
little retest here. Um, if we go to the
higher time frame chart, pretty much all
the coins look like this where we're
kind of in this downward ascending, you
know, you could call it a triangle where
it's like we're kind of like this and
we're waiting to break out. Pretty much
all all coins look like this where we're
kind of waiting for this overside retest
to break out of these downward trending
uh, you know, trend that we've been in
for the past, you know, couple months.
And so most coins look like this. This
isn't one that I'm going to be getting
in right now because we are rejecting
from the underside of this. So you can
see here we came up to around 22. We
rejected it. Now it looks like we could
continue down lower if Bitcoin wants to
go lower. I do think Bitcoin wants to go
lower. Um and so I think all coins would
follow. So you can see here on the
right, Bitcoin is down just about 1% but
all coins are bleeding much more. So I
think we're starting to see Bitcoin
dominance tick up again and Bitcoin
might lead and then all coins bleed off
during that time. And so all coins I
think are going to be hit a little bit
more over the coming week. Um but I
think if we can get back above this $22,
this is a good area to get into link. I
wouldn't get into it right now because
we're just at resistance. And so it's
most likely that it is possible maybe
consolidate down here a little bit more,
but maybe it's possible we come back
down here below this, take out these
stops, reclaim this, and then come back
up. So this isn't one I'm going to be
getting into chain link right now, but
if you wanted to buy it spot, it's
probably not a bad area. If you're
thinking about the long term and you
wanted to buy around $21, whether you
buy it here at 21 or somewhere around
$20, it's probably not that big of a
difference if you think it's going up
towards, you know, new highs around $50
uh in the coming months. So, I think
overall this looks good for, you know, a
reversal back up here, but it's whether
it's going to reverse from right here
around 2130 or if it's going to come
down here and you can get it for cheap
around 1930 uh in the coming week or so.
And then moving on, we have Clearpool
has just partnered up with Plume
Network. So, two of the leading Ardway
players have joined forces to accelerate
tokenized adoption and pay innovation.
Clearpool is launching its first credit
vault on the Plume network, leveraging
Plume's onboarded assets and expanding
hardway ecosystem, marking the beginning
of our multi-chain new product rollout.
We also have Clearpool saying that
plasma mainet is live and clear is proud
to be a strategic partner soon debuting
CPUSD in our pay volts on the chain
built for stable coins. Together, we're
learning the credit rails for the next
era of stablecoin finance. And then we
have Jacob saying, "We've always
believed that stable coin infrastructure
is the future of payments. proud to join
circles alliance to keep building our
rails for fintex payment firms and
credit protocols powered by USDC. So
clear has just recently partnered with
plume plasma and USDC. We also have Dan
Crypto Trades who says Cool is deploying
their CPUSD on plasma with a stable coin
narrative still going strong and Cool
being a well positioned for this inte
bullish on this one going into the end
of the year. The chart itself has been
ranging for the past six months. It's
currently sitting at local support. Like
a lot of things, we're pretty much
sitting at the support. And I think in
the next couple months, we're going to
continue much higher for a lot of
different altcoins. Uh and Cool is no
different. And moving on, we have Ali
Charts who says 120 million XRP bought
by Wills in the past 72 hours. We also
have SEC deadlines for multiple XRP ETF
applications are approaching in October.
So this October uh we have Gayscale at
21 shares, Bitwise, Canary, Wisdom, and
Franklin Templeton all uh towards the
end of the month in October. So October
is going to be a very uh big month, very
volatile month. But we also have a
Corner who says, "Will XRP rally this
October? XRP has finished red in seven
of the last 12 October with an average
drop of about 4 and a half%. But with
ETF approvals looming, bulls say this
time could be different." So you can see
here for some reason XRP doesn't seem to
do as well in October's as uh you know
other altcoins or other coins in
general. So overall XRP pretty much in
the same same downward trend as you know
every other altcoin. We've been doing
this and I think at some point we do
break out and you can kind of see here I
I marked this out a couple uh days ago
where I we just want to see this new
uptrending structure start wherever that
might be. That's where you want to enter
once we start to make higher highs and
higher lows again. And it would kind of,
you know, play out very well with this
trend line that I just drew. And uh if
we break out of this, this is where you
want to be longing to go back to new
highs. But it looks like as of right
now, we are still just in this
downtrend. So it might look something
like this. May maybe we come down, we
take out the stops below $260ish.
We come back and then reclaim this and
then it looks like this. And then this
is where you want to enter once we start
to make this new uptrend. So wherever it
might be, that's that's the structure
that you're looking for. Um, but it's
still we're just kind of in this slow
drooping bleeding out, you know, kind of
downtrend right now on all altcoins as
Bitcoin is kind of just hovering around
the same spot. So, not a lot of altcoins
that I want to be entering just yet.
But, if you are accumulating, this is
probably the area to be accumulating
spot for the long term. Uh, if you think
we're going higher in the coming months,
which I do. And moving on to Aster, we
have Black Rockck about $12 million
worth of Aster using Coinbase OTC.
Something big is coming for Aster. Now,
I don't know if this is fully true. And
so, I will say this is more speculation
because there's no official source or
link. And so, I mean, while it does look
like this, I'm not sure if this is fully
true. Um, but I wouldn't be surprised
because of how big it is tied to Binance
and CZ and they know, hey, if we buy at
this accumulation range, uh, this is
going to go much higher. So, I wouldn't
be surprised if this is true, but I
don't know fully 100%. Um, we also have,
uh, Crypto RS first circle now. Tether
Aster takes over. Aster just pulled 28.8
$.8 million in fees in 24 hours. That's
more than tethers US at 22.2 million
circles USDC and even unis swap nearly
10 times hyperlquid for a protocol this
new. The revenue firepower is insane.
Traders are now piling into high
frequency per showing up in the
leaderboard. So you can see here Aster
as the number one chain with 28.78 uh 79
million and fees on the 7-day almost
$und00 million in 7-day fees on Aster as
people are piling in and trying to farm
an airdrop which ends on October 5th at
the end of this week. And so obviously
the uh fees are getting very high. And
then after just after that there's also
stage three for the next airdrop after
that. And so it looks like people are
trying to you know farm the airdrop as
much as possible. Not this is entirely
you know fully retail users. It could be
very much you know exchanges and hedge
funds and all that market makers. Um but
yeah it is up there in terms of fees. We
also have nansen saying aster went from
quiet to concentrated. The top 100
wallets, 92% of supply. Exchanges, 475
million after Monster Jump. Smart money
8.5 million and climbing. Tightly held,
freshly listed. Watch carefully. So now,
if this was a meme coin, a lot of people
would say, "Hey, this is not good that a
lot of these big whales hold most of the
supply because they're most likely to
dump." In the case of Aster, I would
argue it's actually the opposite because
the whales holding the wallets are, you
know, Binance and basically CZ. And so,
we know one of the world's richest men.
He's like the top 20 richest men with an
$80 billion net worth is holding this
coin and he wants to take back, you
know, the the power in crypto. He wants
to take it away from Hyperlid. And so
having this money concentrated into
someone with kind of diamond hands uh
who doesn't need the money, I would say
is more bullish than it would be if this
was a meme coin and some whale hold uh
held a lot of the supply. So I would say
I would argue it's actually good in this
case. Now, I feel like a lot of old
coins right now are just slowly bleeding
out and we're kind of still seeing this
kind of descending trend line right here
where we're just waiting for it to break
above here. Now, I will say it is
holding this level decently. It might
break down a little bit farther, but
this is kind of what I expect this area
where we're at between $1.75 and around
$160. I expect to hold kind of a
support. Maybe we dip down a little bit
lower, but you can kind of see we're in
this accumulation range right now where
I do believe we will eventually break
back up. And so I I wouldn't be
surprised if we make some kind of quick
dip down here, take out a bunch of the
stops below these candles below $1.70. I
wouldn't be surprised to see this,
especially if Bitcoin goes lower. Um,
but this is what I want to see hold. I
want to see this kind of go sideways,
create this big cupping structure and a
big base and then break out towards new
highs going into uh the team token
unlocks which are on October 17th. And
so I think we will probably pump leading
up into that so they can get the most
value of their tokens. Um, but I think
overall, especially going into Q4, once
Bitcoin wants to stop, you know, going
sideways and and just, you know, being
really annoying, I think we'll start to
see a lot of these coins pick up steam
again as we have, uh, you know, finally
liquidity on our side. I mean, Aster did
this huge run up while Bitcoin was
dumping. So, Aster did a huge like
multiund% run up while Bitcoin actually
nuked like 5% overnight uh, last week.
So, the fact that it's holding up this
well is, you know, pretty good. And you
can compare it to plasma which this is
plasma after the weekend. You know we
have this huge drop right now. Now a lot
of people are talking badly about this
because you can see there's a huge whale
that's just tewing out of this XPL which
is plasma. So I think we're going to see
a lot more red this week. Um but I think
going into October we're going to start
to see a lot more green. And I think
Aster is no different. It's in this nice
tightly held accumulation uh phase right
here around this 175 level. Then moving
on, lastly, we have Swarm Network's
truth token goes live, targeting
misinformation through blockchain based
verification. So, the Swarm Network
announced today that its native Truth
token is set to launch on October 1st,
2025, bring a fresh approach to how
online information gets verified and
trusted. The token generation event or
TGE marks a turning point for Swarm,
which has been quietly building momentum
with millions of onchain claim
verifications and over 10,000 agent
licenses sold during the testing phase.
With 10 billion tokens entering
circulation, the platform is ready to
scale its vision of making truth
verification a community effort rather
than leaving in the hands of a few tech
giants. And what makes this approach
unique from other similar crypto
ventures is that it isn't trying to
replace traditional fact checkers with
other centralized system. Instead, it's
spreading responsibility across
thousands of AI agents with human
reviewers who can work together to
verify independent claims with each
verification being recorded onchain,
creating a transparent trail for anyone
to check. And the token itself powers
everything within the swarm ecosystem
with users being able to stake truth to
bag agent clusters for data
authentication purposes. In return,
these agents can earn rewards creating
economy where getting facts right pays
off tangibly. So that is Swarm Networks
which is going live on October 1st which
is tomorrow. And so that is the video
for today guys. Bitcoin not doing
exactly what I want. It's kind of
holding up as all coins bleed out. But I
think uh if we can come down here, tag
this 200 day EMA, take out the stops
below here and maybe below here, I think
we are in a good position for Q4. if we
can get this because then we can
actually, you know, cleanly go up to new
highs after we wipe out a lot of
leverage in the system. So, so that's
the video for today, guys.