What's going on my Flappy family? It's
your boy Izzy. Welcome if you're new.
So, we got some big news for the Indiana
Fever fan base, man. Basically, Amber
Cox called up Adam Sandler in the movie
Hustle and said, "Hey, we need some
scouts overseas."
Hey, this is beautiful work, man. We're
about to get all the way into it. But
before we do that, y'all make sure y'all
hit the thumbs up for your boy if you
like the content. Don't forget to
subscribe to the channel. We're trying
to hit 34.6, six. So, if you can help me
out with that, I highly appreciate it.
And don't forget to get in the comment
section and let me know what y'all think
about this one. Let's get it. Now, shout
out to Chloe Peterson, man. She did an
amazing job describing things going on
with the CBA and then also bringing in
uh Amber Cox's plans on how she's going
to deal with the off season. So, I will
make another video about it because she
did an amazing job through all this. And
I really want to talk about this section
right here where they talking about they
want 49 to 51% like the NBA that oh my
goodness. Yeah, we're gonna talk about
that. But this video I want to talk
about Amber Cox. All right. So Amber Cox
ended up getting a question asked to her
with all the things going on with the
CBA. You're sitting in the dark. How do
they prepare? How do you prepare
specifically for offseason events they
don't have information on? Right.
because they are in the dark. They don't
know what's going to happen. We don't
even know if 2026 is going to be a ye a
year of WNBA. So basically, Amber Cox
came back and said, "I think we control
the controllables, right? You start
prepping for obviously the college
season for what's going on
internationally, planning out our
scouting both domestically and
internationally."
Okay, Amber Cox, that's what I'm talking
about right there.
Domestically and internationally. Yes.
Yes. Now, we know how they were scouting
overseas this year. Hey, didn't you play
with Hey, but but didn't weren't you on
such and such team? Hey, did how was
such and such playing on your team in
2019? Come on, fam. We need some real
scouting, man. Send me over there.
Bonjour Chiao. uh uh Kenichi w like I I
got it man I got what we need but anyway
man I'm glad that they are putting forth
some real effort on international
players like I stated about the NBA I
feel like that league is turning into an
international league you have some of
the top players from overseas I mean it
literally looks like most of the best
players in the league are international
players you know what I'm saying not
saying the US don't have great players
but I'm just saying, "Look, the majority
that's at the top of the top who look
like they are going to take over the
league after your LeBron, after your
Steph Curry, yeah, I think they're going
to be international, fam. They're
already putting their handprint on it."
All right. So, hey, they got to figure
it out. I think the best move is to go
overseas and find you some players.
Although, we saw the mess that Emma
Meyman put on in the playoffs. Oh my
goodness. I got to call her Messi. That
was awful. And I was like I'm like, "Yo,
this is who we were fighting over. This
who we wanted? Oh my gosh." Talking
about she wanted to join a winning team
with that losing effort. Get out of
here, man. Get out of here. A mess. But
honestly, I do feel like the WNBA might
get taken over the same way with these
overseas players, man. They're just a
tad bit more mature. We saw Malonga.
Malonga was balling. I think if they
would have allowed Malonga to play a
little bit more throughout the season,
Malonga would have been something
serious in that playoffs, man. Along
with Michaela, I think Michaela and
Melonga was dealing with the same thing.
I think Michaela was h getting hit with
it a little bit more than uh Malonga.
But yeah, I think if both of them were
playing throughout the season, getting
some real minutes, they would have been
legit legit in the playoffs really
carrying somebody, man. Oh my goodness.
But nonetheless, great news. Great news.
Great news. Let's continue. We are
talking to all the players during exit
interviews. Obviously, focus on
development plans for them, finding out
what their needs are, how we can support
them. So, really just focus on what we
can control and as things roll out,
we'll be ready to go. That's the biggest
thing. Uh, plan as much as you can. And
hey, it sounds good to me. It sounds
good to me. Yes, we need some overseas
scouting. All right. We need it. Um, as
you can see, Caitlyn Clark contract is
here, Aaliyah Boston, and Michaela.
Those are the only three players. All
right. The only three players that are
solidified playing for the Fever next
year. Of course, you have Lexi and
Sophie, they want to come back. And I
think she was just saying how Kelsey
Mitchell is their number one priority.
Same as this year, right? In my opinion,
man, I think the main thing that they
need to focus on after getting your core
back, I think you need to focus on a
stretch four or stretch five. If you
could get two of them, that would be
grand. But a defensive stretch four,
stretch five, that would be perfect. I
think that's what they need to focus on.
Um, I do feel like the league is turning
into a one through five shooting threes
type of uh league. is gonna look just
like the NBA. So, if anything, I think
you need to get rid of that whole
Natasha Howard and Aaliyah Boston on the
floor at the same time situation. Um,
although it worked at times, I still
feel like you want to stretch the floor.
You want to space that floor out. It was
so easy to guard the Indiana Fever
because Boston and Howard didn't
necessarily like to shoot the three,
like to stretch the floor. So, the paint
was so crowded, man. I mean, it was
crowded. It looked like sardines up in
there, right? So, they have to figure
out a way to stretch that floor. And
that was the main issue I was bringing
up uh before the season started this
year. I was like, uh, I think they're
good players. I think they're good, but
are we going to be able to stretch that
floor, space the floor out, seeing that
Howard and Boston like to get their
buckets from the same spot? And I be
dang, that's what we dealt with, right?
That was an issue. So, yeah, I think
they need to get a stretch four, get a
stretch five. Um, I would actually like
Michaela to come in and back up Boston.
So, definitely get somebody for the
stretch four. If we can get a stretch
five that can play some good defense,
that's perfect. I love Dantis, but we
know she's not really that great um on
the perimeter. And that was two players
we had that wasn't that great on the
perimeter. That's Dantis and Aaliyah
Boston. So, we need to figure out how to
get more agile, how to get more threes
from that front court. But yeah, that
would be my main focus when it comes to
the Indiana Fever during the offseason.
I would say you already got Caitlyn,
Aaliyah, and Michaela. So yeah,
definitely figure out Lexi, Sophie,
Kelsey Mitchell. Um, and then maybe even
throw Ary in there. Throw Ary in there.
Why not? I think Ary was a pretty decent
backup. Uh, plays good defense. Knew the
knew the team right away. Like that was
amazing what she did flying in. no
turnovers in the first game, had what,
six, seven assists. I can't really
remember the assist number, but did an
amazing job in the first game and
continue to show that she was an impact
to the game. Now, granted, you had Petty
showing out in the playoffs, right? You
had Odyssey showing out in the playoffs,
showing you that she could take over a
game, which is why I was saying she's my
under the radar, one of my favorite
players. Odyssey is good, but I think um
you know for a one you're gonna need
somebody else. You're gonna need
somebody else, man. She's not really the
facilitator like that. Although she had
games where she passed that ball really
well, but I think she's more of a
scorer. She's a scorer mentality type of
player. You know, figure out your your
backcourt backups. You already have your
starters, right? You have your backcourt
starters. So, um, figure out your
backcourt backups and get some stretch
bigs. That's what I'll be focused on.
Now, I don't know if Howard wants to
actually stay and play another year. I
don't know. But honestly, look, if I can
get a stretch four, I'm I'm getting a
stretch four over her. I'm sorry. I got
to, man. I have to. We have to move in
the direction that the WNBA is moving
in. You want to win, you got to have a
stretch bigs, man. That's just how I
feel. But nonetheless, Amber Cox is
trying to go overseas with it. Find her
some players. Thank God. Right. Um,
we'll see what happens, man. We'll see
what happens. What do y'all think is
going to happen? Do y'all think Amber
Cox is going to find some good players
overseas or do y'all think Howard's
going to be back? Do y'all think some of
these players that we have right now are
just going to stay on the team? Let me
know in the comments section. I love
y'all. Y'all keep it smooth.