Folks, you better get ready. In today's
video, we're going to break down the
latest on the market and plays. And then
we're going to get into one specific
stock that is incredibly cheap and
screaming buy that I believe could
change early buyers lives. As always,
we're going to present the evidence, the
data, the facts, and we're going to
present some strategies and risks to
consider and let you be the judge. On
top of that, of course, as always, make
sure that you're doing your own due
diligence on all ideas presented. If
you're the one taking the ultimate risk,
you got to be the one doing the ultimate
frisk. and we're going to get right into
it with the timestamps down below, but
the only thing I ask in return for all
the work that goes into making a video
like this is that you hit that like
button and also don't forget to
subscribe. Okay, let's get to work. We
need to start with the market context.
So, listen carefully to these headlines
from the AI space. Nvidia plans to
invest up to $100 billion in open AI as
part of data center buildout. Open AAI
and Nvidia announced strategic
partnership to deploy 10 gawatts of
Nvidia systems. OpenAI Oracle Soft Bank
planned five new AI centers for $500
billion Stargate project. Oracle to
spend 40 billion on Nvidia GPUs for
OpenAI Texas data center. Open AAI and
Oracle's $300 billion Stargate deal
building AI's national scale
infrastructure. Now, what does this
sound like to you? Sounds exactly like
this meme that's circulating everywhere.
Open AAI sends a hundred billion to
Oracle and Oracle sends a hundred
billion to Nvidia and then Nvidia sends
a hundred billion to OpenAI. a circular
cycle. Meanwhile, at each leg of the
cycle, the companies get a massive boost
in valuation as investors get super
duper excited about this news. Now, I
don't know about you, but when I was a
kid, I used to love to go ahead and plug
power strips into themselves or
extension cords into themselves. And I
used to think to myself, hm, I'm about
to beat the system. But of course, you
never really beat the system, just like
the power strip plugged into itself
here. Well, many fear that this boom
cycle for AI might not generate much
real output compared to the cash burned.
and they're starting to worry that, hey,
maybe this AI ecosystem and all these
investments are actually just fueling
themselves and fueling the upside and
kind of causing an upward meltup that
might not be sustainable. Well,
certainly the circular level of
financing once it unravels is going to
cause a bigger downside pull simply
because a lot of the money is coming
from within the ecosystem. So, if any
one player decides to pull back on the
ecosystem, well, you're going to see a
bigger collapse in valuation. But
long-term, this AI spending is set to
pay off in a big big way. When you're
asking whether this AI spending is all
just well, think about what
it's buying. The assets that it's buying
are real. Data centers, GPUs, software,
IP, recurring contracts. The demand is
sticky. Enterprises are locking in not
just a few month contracts, but
multi-year AI adoption contracts. And
companies are building out mega mega
pieces of real estate with major major
data centers. So again, this spending is
on real things, real assets. The demand
is ongoing. The productivity payoff is
also very very visible for companies.
They can see productivity today and
they're going to see a lot more
productivity down the road. So for folks
who are looking at this and they're
saying, "Through this looks awfully
bubbly." Sure, things can have a
correction. No doubt. Who knows when
that's going to be, but overall bigger
picture, the way that I see this is that
these companies have a symbiotic
relationship with each other and working
together allows them to accelerate their
timelines. And if anything, when you can
see these types of investments, well, if
Nvidia is going and investing hundred
billion dollars in OpenAI, well, that
means that, hey, down the road, a lot of
that money is going to flow right back
to Nvidia as OpenAI needs to buy a lot
of NVIDIA GPUs or or OpenAI might work
more with Oracle, who also has data
centers, and they'll need to buy more
Nvidia GPUs. And the circle continues on
and on. And there's also a lot of other
smaller data center plays that take a
lot of the overflow of demand. And those
are going to see bigger and bigger
contracts. And they're also going to
need more Nvidia GPUs. and the
competitor GPUs and so on and so forth.
Okay, next we got to talk valuations.
So, I've been vocal and will continue to
be vocal about the fact that since the
stock market is denominated in US
dollars, well, a lot of the stock
market's performance is kind of a
mirage. I don't know why this isn't
talked about more, but it's very, very
important. For example, the S&P 500 is
up just 13% year-to date, which is very,
very solid, but the value of the US
dollar compared to say the euro is down
about 12.8% in that same time span. The
US dollar index overall is down a little
less than 10%. So again, your dollar's
lost somewhere around 10% and the market
is up 13% USD-wise. Are those fantastic
returns? I don't think so. Especially
considering that when you sell, you got
to pay capital gains taxes, which
probably net you in the red. Now, keep
in mind when you're looking at these
comparisons, you're literally just
comparing the dollar to other currencies
that are also getting devalued
massively, just less so than ours. What
if you compare the dollar to something
that's like real money that holds wealth
and has held wealth for thousands of
years, like for example, gold? Well, if
you pull up the chart for gold, look at
this. It's up 41% year to date. And I
know there's a lot of folks that watch
these videos and they don't actually buy
stocks and they're kind of scared to
because they think, "Oh, what if I buy a
stock and it dips?" Well, why is it okay
to hold currency that's dropping
massively year after year after year and
has been doing so for a hundred years?
But buying a productive asset like a
stock that might have a down quarter or
two is such a disaster. Just one last
point about this. In 1971, as you likely
know, the US was taken off the gold
standard. And at that point, you had a
massive break between growth in US
productivity and compensation of the
average worker. This is when the
everyday average American worker got
totally screwed. Why did this happen?
Well, because President Tricky Dick
Nixon decided that the US government and
the Federal Reserve, the beautiful
central bank, needed to be able to
control its currency, print endless
amounts of it, and be able to finagle it
all around the world. And so, what did
they do? They decided, okay, we're going
to make it a fugazi currency. It's going
to be a beautiful fugazi. And the result
of this is giving capital capital
holders a massive, massive unfair
advantage over the worker. Before Tricky
Dick removed us from the gold standard,
well, productivity and wages rightly
tracked very, very closely with the
economic growth of the country, which
means workers benefited proportionately.
The rich were getting rich, the poor
were getting rich. If you were working,
you had a job, you're getting lots of
money. Well, after the tricky dick,
well, after that, government and central
bank policies allowed for extreme
extreme levels of dollar erosion. High
inflation eroded wage gains while
financial assets, stocks, real estate,
so on and so forth persevered and
multiplied wealth for asset owners.
Also, this fugazi money also made it way
easier and capital way freer to go and
move all around the world and allowed US
companies actually incentivized them to
move abroad which also gutted the
average worker. But this is a story for
another time. The bigger picture here is
if you understand this trend, you
understand that this is only going to
get substantially worse with the
creation of AI, the continued
devaluation of our currency, and the
continued massive debt issue that we
have in the United States. The people
that benefit from this fugazi currency
and fugazi system that we have are the
people that own actual assets. The
people that get hurt are the people that
are going to lose their jobs because of
AI. The people that wages aren't going
to keep up with the inflation and so on
and so forth. So, if you want to protect
yourself, if you want to make sure that
you're coming out not just the same as
you are today, but way better, you need
to be investing in the right stocks, and
that's what we're fired up to do. And
I'm going to do my best to make sure to
bring that to you. Okay, let's go on to
ideas. So, we got to start with RGTI.
So, there's an arms race out there to
develop quantum, and RGTI has been one
of the main quantum plays we've been
highlighting basically all year. I tried
really, really hard to get this idea in
front of you and present you as much
evidence as possible because there was a
lot suggesting that it could be a big
winner. Just for example, back in April,
we screamed buy the dip because we
believed this would bounce back
aggressively. It was at about $857 at
the time. On June 1st, it was trading
around 13 bucks. We made the same
arguments again and we screamed it was a
buy. And then just a bit over a week
ago, we made another video outlining the
overall trend line it was following
quite beautifully and explained how this
stock was looking set to change lives.
And as of today, this is what that same
chart looks like. And it almost hit $35
at highs today. Now, if you followed the
media's opinion on the stock since all
the way back when we talked about it at
$8 plus, well, what did they say? They
said, "Sell, sell, sell. Quantum is
unfounded hype." As if every new
technology that people are developing
isn't unfounded hype when they start.
So, folks, I just got to tell you, look,
this is yet another of many, many
examples of why it's so important that
you're not just a media headline jockey
and you're actually doing the work
yourself and you're looking into the
numbers yourself. So, shout out to folks
who played this successfully. And I want
you to give yourself a big pat on the
back. This was yet another one of our
evidence-backed plays. We have we've had
five very clear arguments ranging from
market tailwinds to technology
leadership to their manufacturing moat,
their customers and partners, as well as
their financial backing. This was not a
pick at random type of stock. This was a
stock that was backed by a lot of
evidence. Nothing's ever guaranteed, but
this had a lot going for it. Next,
we got to talk about LAC. Now, if you're
in the Discord, we talked about this one
in the pre-market briefing this morning,
and the reason is because the Trump
administration just proposed a stake in
them. Quote, "The White House proposed
an equity stake as Lithium America's
renegotiates the terms of a $2.2 billion
loan from the Department of Energy for
its backer pass in Nevada." A Trump
administration official told CNBC.
Reuters first reported the equity stake
proposal, blah blah blah. Now, what is
LAC Charlie? Well, this company, Lithium
America's Corp, focuses on the
developing, the building, and operating
of lithium deposits and chemical
processing facilities in the US and
Canada. Now, as you know, we've been
working really, really hard to give you
governmentbacked companies and companies
that the government is trying to take a
stake in or considering taking a stake
in. And that's how we called out INTC
and MP and a few others before they had
massive runs or largely before they had
massive runs. And this was another one
that we called out. We were a little bit
late on this one. I think it was like
halfway in the pre-market. But, so what
do you need to know about LAC? Well, for
starters, this is a play in strategic
mineral security. Lithium is classified
as a critical mineral. Control over
LAC's back or pass deposit helps the US
secure domestic supply and reduce
dependence on China. There's also the
energy and AI infrastructure angle. Of
course, AI data centers are energy hogs.
Lithium batteries stabilize grids by
storing renewable power. Government see
LAC's lithium as essential to scaling AI
ready infrastructure that's actually
reliable 247. And then you have national
competitiveness. Just as the US is
protecting AI chips, Nvidia and so on
and so forth, it wants to secure lithium
to avoid foreign choke points in the AI
energy supply chain. This is all about
controlling for choke points. If China
has all the lithium, well, guess what?
They can just choke us off and we have a
big big issue. A lot of people say, "Oh,
you know, the government shouldn't be
getting involved in this." That's fine,
but you need to give up your power to
China because these companies aren't
going to do this on their own. And if
they're backed by Uncle Sam, they've got
a rocket up their rear. It also has a
world-class asset. That pass is one of
the largest lithium reserves in North
America, giving LAC decades of
production runway. And then there's
alignment with big players. Government
support, GM's prior investment, and
likely offt take deals reduce risk and
validate demand, especially as
automakers and AI firms push for energy
storage. Now, one of the things you got
to keep in mind is that a lot of these
governmentbacked plays, right after they
get government backing, they tend to see
partnerships from private companies.
That's what we saw with MP Materials and
Apple. And I think you're going to see
another thing like this here, which is
going to provide another potential
catalyst if that materializes. Okay,
let's talk Hood. So, as you know, we
were one of the first, if not the first,
people on YouTube to come out hard for
Hood at just around $18 a share early
last year. And as of this morning, it
hit $130 at high. So, a big warm shout
out to folks who played this correctly
and did well. But again, I want to
highlight the fact that this was not a
shot in the dark. It was an
evidencebacked play. So, anyways, the
evidence here, look, we've been talking
about for a while. This is a company
with visionary leadership, willing to
remake and lead industry and has been
doing that for years. It's exponentially
expanding its user base and engagement.
It's got a beautiful diversification of
revenue streams. It's got a rockolid
balance sheet and financials. And that's
truly what sets you up for this win. Not
gambling, nothing like that. Simply
looking at evidence. Okay. Next, we got
to talk about Alibaba. Baba. So, BABA
was up some 8% today and it's continuing
to fill in the recovery gap that we've
projected, but I believe there's a lot
more to go. We've been right on this
stock since really March of 2024. It was
slower than I wanted it to be in terms
of recovery, but look, it's been pretty
consistent and there's a lot of upside
to get back to a fair valuation and with
and with Jack Maw back at the helm, I
think it's going to be a very, very hard
one to ignore. We put out a price target
forecast for BABA this morning in the
Discord and I'll leak it for you here
without the price targets themselves,
just because I want you to see the
bigger picture here on growth and the
different segments they have. There's
quite exponential growth to be had when
you consider the resurgence in their
core commerce brands, which are all
around the Asian markets. their cloud
computing segment, their digital media
and entertainment segment, and some of
their other miscellaneous segments like
logistics, fintech, and such and so
forth. This is a company that's trading
at foreign multiples that just don't
make sense. And I'd argue there's a lot
of upside to be realized here if you're
patient. Now, I'm not a big believer in
having huge, huge exposure to China or
any kind of foreign markets, but I do
like having a little bit, and this is
one of the ones that I would say is
probably one of the more obvious killer
deals in that market. And look, it's
already nearly 3x from the 2024 prices
when people said it would never come
back. Look, it's come back. If you look
at the history, Alibaba does tend to
have pretty big dysphoric cycles and
then they recover and they get back to a
longer term trend line. I think that's
going to happen here. I think you've got
a lot more valuation to fill in. Next,
we got to talk about HD. So, in the last
video, we spoke about how HAND is in the
process and preparing to take
Terrestrial Energy Inc. public and broke
down how this nuclear play was on a
short list of stocks that the Department
of Energy, the DOE, has selected for a
key pilot program. We talked about how
this was actually one of only two
publicly tradable options here on this
list. Meaning if investors wanted to
benefit from the DOE order, the Uncle
Sam backing, they only have two options.
They could buy Ollo or they could buy
HD. But Ollo very very pricey because
it's already run so much. But a lot of
people are scared of HD because HD is a
spack and spaxs are kind of like
pregoing public entities. You buy Han
today, it ends up buying terrestrial
energy and you own shares in terrestrial
energy. But anyways, when we posted that
video, HD was at about $13.95 and this
morning it hit over $18 at highs. Now,
just so everybody stays grounded here,
here is the upside picture we see for
Hond. We're looking at the potential
anticipatory run into the combination
with Terrestrial Energy Inc., which
looks like it's going to happen in Q4 at
some point. We also see the long-term
upside as Terrestrial Energy expands
with government and regulatory
tailwinds. And we also think it happens
to be likely underpriced as many many
people don't like to buy spaxs pre-
merger because they're scared and
they're worried about the combination
and regulatory hurdles and so on and so
forth. Now, how much farther can this
climb? How should we look at the recent
rally? Well, this is what I sent out to
Discord members shortly before market
closed today. Quote, "Hond has seen
quite a nice couple of days. It is
reasonable to expect a breather at some
point and impossible to say to what
extent or when, but we believe the play
for this stock is the anticipatory run
into merger sometime in Q4 and then the
longerterm value creation post merger.
In case A, we see the momentum continue
with light breathing. In case B, we see
the momentum see a more immediate and
aggressive breathing that gets bought up
in periods afterwards. In both
situations, we see a journey to a new
all-time high. So bigger picture, look,
we're expecting various levels of
shaking out, beautiful breathing, but
given that it's one of only two plays in
the DOE list and probably the only
viable one that isn't extremely
overvalued, well, I would expect more
upside net, I would expect this overall
trend to get to a much higher all-time
high. And I think that long-term though
is the bigger picture with the stock. I
think once they combine, well, some of
the biggest value creation runway is
post merger. So again, you have that
anticipatory situation and then you have
the long-term value creation. Anyways
folks, that caps off today's video. Have
a great rest of your day. We'll see you
next time. If you'd like to get the full
Zip Trader experience, make sure to join
us in the Discord with that first link
down below. We'll see you in there. Have
a good one, Fox.