We're seeing absolute carnage across all
markets in the last 24 hours. Bitcoin
down 15% from the all-time high and 13%
on the day. Ethereum down 12% on the
day, but nearly 30% from the all-time
high price. And the S&P 500 also down a
substantial 3 12%. Now, they're not the
only markets that came down amidst the
Trump threatening tariffs on China. Yet
again, we've seen further declines for
the homebuilders ETF, taking out key
support levels here, which is all part
of the 18-year cycle that we've been
discussing on the channel for many, many
years. So, I've got tons to get through
with you today. Lots and lots of
updates. Lots of things that we may not
have seen in the past that may be
looking a little clearer now that we've
seen a nice solid wipeout amidst this
huge liquidation day on Bitcoin and
cryptocurrencies. The largest in history
by a very very long way over 19 billion
in the last 24 hours, which absolutely
dwarfs the previous highest liquidations
of three billion set just 3 weeks ago on
September 22nd. So, plenty to get
through. Hit the like, subscribe to the
channel if you are new here. If you see
the videos pop up in your feed and you
haven't yet subscribed, now is the time
to do so. We're posting daily videos on
Bitcoin, crypto, the stock markets,
precious metals, and the real estate
cycle. Basically, being here with you
for every day for over the last 5 years,
nearly every day, of course. So, let's
kick it off with the headlines, but then
we'll get deeper into the charts and
follow up with the analysis over the
last week. Of course, crypto sees more
than 6 billion. Of course, we know that
it's more around $19 billion, but the
main thing that's come out of these
articles are how manipulated you could
say that the crypto markets look. We saw
a lot of markets go down at the time of
the liquidations and you can see here
that this happened after the futures
market. The Bitcoin futures market
collapsed and this is where the Trump
announcement of course happened right
around that close of the the business
day. And across the exchanges you can
see the price differentials here. Uh,
crypto as a whole, looking at an average
of the the prices there, a low there of
103 with a nice bounce back. Uh, Kraken
also had a pretty severe drop. It went
down to 100 before bouncing back quite
significantly.
105,000
for the index when they take a average
across the board again. And also here
with Bitstamp didn't get anywhere near
that low. Coinbase, yes, it dropped a
little further here, 107. and then
Binance which is the main culprit here
for the manipulation across the markets
that dropped to 102. So you can see just
how wide the the variance is for this
particular low. Now of course everyone
rushes to the old it's been manipulated
yada yada but it also gets manipulated
when the markets rise and it's just far
easier to manipulate crypto markets than
it is to manipulate the traditional
markets like the stock market. That is
just part of the game of being in
crypto. So, we got to get over the fact
that there is manipulation. Now, the
problem with the manipulation is that it
can't be accounted for because if you're
trading and the exchanges go down, well,
that basically takes you out of the
game. That's the annoying part. It's
basically the wild wild west when it
comes to cryptocurrencies. But what we
can do is have a look at what has
occurred since that event and where the
closing prices have landed. Do we see a
quick recovery to get back above the
previous support levels which once were
resistance or do we see a slow bleed out
from this point? Now those levels we're
watching are $117,000
and ideally above 118. So very very
close to the two. The 117 comes from the
50% from this entire move so far. That's
basically the 15% move from the high to
the low that we've seen and straight
through the middle around 116700.
The 118 with the highs and the 7-year
resistance which has basically continued
to reject the market here uh is also the
key level that I want to see these
markets get above hopefully by the end
of the trading week which comes on
Monday morning for me, Sunday night for
the rest of you guys. That is the price
that we're going to watch. So the one
thing in mind there above 118
400 would be absolutely ideal. Anything
underneath those levels in particular
underneath the 50% level that is going
to be a little weaker on all fronts. So
it could just fade out from that point.
And we have seen a new all-time high in
quarter 4. That is October 6th, right
around the end dates of the cycle or
basically to the extent of the three
years up. I'm going to cover this a
little bit later in the video. But
before we get to that point, let's have
a look at a few more prices here to the
downside. Now, the 50% level from the
low to the high is 100. That's the
tariff low to the current all-time high
price. So 100,350
and you have another very very important
swing low here at around $98,000.
So the market could fade out and then
give us another rally towards the end of
the the quarter, maybe even the end of
October and provided it stays above the
$100,000 level. Then you're still above
the 50%. But it is an in a weaker
position because it would have closed
underneath these two key lows. They're
the lows that the market formed a base
before heading to a new all-time high.
So, you can see that that base is pretty
important. And if it went below the 50%,
then it's going below both of these lows
and the 50%, which makes it much more
weaker. And so, if it did do that, any
of the rallies that came back up would
most likely be a dead cap bounce uh into
a longer term time frame, which could
then run into a lower high. something
that looks similar to what's happened on
the homebuilders ETF, which which is our
one of our signals for the end of the
18-year real estate cycle. So, I'll come
to that in just a bit. But now, we have
two major price points to watch for
absolute strength above 118 by the end
of the week. Uh minor strength, we want
to see it above around 116.
Anything underneath those levels, you're
just in in sort of no man's land and
it's just going to take longer for this
thing to continue on. And below 100, if
things absolutely collapsed in the next
48 hours, then lights out. Basically,
you're below 50%, you're below the swing
lows, lights out. It doesn't seem likely
at this point, but we just got to keep
watching those levels. So, the two
important ones, 118 and 100 to the
downside. So you got a bullish target
and a bearish target and then all the
other targets in between to give you the
the strength of that particular move.
Now the second major thing that we saw
in the last 24 hours is our 3day down
signal. Red, red, red. There the
triangles there. You've got your GAN
swing pro turned on. You can find that
in the video description under the TIA
indicator suite. And so looking at this
signal, we've seen it happen several
times before, which has led to long
pullbacks. Long pullbacks from all-time
high prices. So this is an all-time
high. Red, red, red. Uh the gray days
don't do anything to the count. And
we've seen three days down. Lower highs,
lower lows. The last time we saw that,
you can see this red arrow right here
showing the signal. Red, red, red. Now,
we did see a rally and a brief one into
this next all-time high, but there was a
much lower close and then that led to a
pretty significant sell-off. That was in
December 2024, right before Trump's
inauguration. And then we saw it in
March 2024. Now, these signals come up
in real time. And I presented it on the
channel in real time. It wasn't in
hindsight. It's at the time. And so in
both of those scenarios, you saw the
price come down and rally again, which
gets everyone excited to think that the
game's not over and we got further to
go. You know how the emotions carry on
from that. Of course, we saw a lower
high, which is a weak signal, and then
the market broke down. Took about 5
months to get to the low and then uh the
low right here in August, and then
things started to recover from that
point. So in both scenarios, the market
did recover and it was a quicker
recovery with the second uh signal. So
things started to speed up. The signal
happened 5 months down. The signal
happened 2 and 1/2 months down. Now we
have the signal again. It's just going
to be even shorter than the previous one
hopefully. And there are several other
times we've seen this around all-time
highs. One in particular was April 2021.
See the signal big collapse 50%. Not
talking at 50% here, but you can just
see how the signal tells you that the
market is slowing down. But I want to
sprinkle a little here because we saw
this signal play out near the end of the
cycle in 2017. Here it is. All-time high
on the 8th of November. Inside day,
doesn't do anything to the count. Down,
down, down, and then it reversed. And
you can see that it ran up into a new
all-time high. Only paused briefly above
it. And then these huge moves occurred
after that point. There was only a month
left, a month and a week, call it five
weeks from that signal that finished on
the 12th until you got to the all-time
high on the 17th. So in that case, the
signal essentially failed because it
doesn't work 100% of the time. And it
told us that there's a lot of strength
in the background. You can see that from
the price, which is a good thing. If
this if a bearish signal fails, it gives
you the bullish uh signs that you've got
a pretty strong market at at play. The
price played out, strong market, but
there wasn't much time left. And that's
what happened there. Five weeks gave you
the top and then the signal happened
again at the all-time high price down
and it continued on. There was just
basically not much recovery to that at
all. got to a lower high and bare market
was on again. So that's the hopeium. If
it breaks and we only see the days down
from this point and a beautiful V-shaped
recovery for the bulls from this point,
probably not much time left in the game
overall. Just looking at what uh this
signal has done throughout history. It
has called for long drawn out
corrections from all-time highs. every
time we have seen this bar those
occasions where there is not much time
left and it gives you that move to the
all-time high. So really really
important that we stay on top of the
3day down signal from this point
forward. Now I also was talking about
how the Trump announcements of these
tariffs basically this wasn't just
called for for for Bitcoin and and
cryptocurrencies. It happened across all
of the markets. Uh looking at
commodities, you saw the US dollar also
come down after rallying here for many
days in a row. That's down half a
percent. Significant, but not crazy like
some of the other markets that we saw.
One in particular was oil. Oil broke
down as well. So we saw a breakdown of
60 bucks. Now down to one of its lowest
closes in many many years. The
commodities index still overall holding
up above the 50% level and that is
thanks to the precious metals like gold
rallying and silver hitting a new
all-time high price. Now, as I said,
some things have collapsed like we saw
with the S&P 500, the uh stocks,
indices, and some commodities, but the
precious metals have held up. And this
has been a very big play that we've been
discussing with TIA Premium. You can
find a link to this in the video
description about rotating assets uh in
good times to other assets which we
think may be doing well through the
remaining stages of this cycle. And as
we can see on this chart, Bitcoin versus
silver has been trending down. It got a
double bottom, slight rally, and has
since broken back underneath that level.
And I'm presenting this to you on uh
many update videos. So, one Bitcoin now
buys 2300 ounces of silver. So, we're
looking at the rotations through asset
classes. So, if you are interested in
taking your trading and investing
further, if you're getting a bit more
serious into asset classes and trading
investing, TIA Premium, check that out.
Link in the video description. You'll
join a community of traders looking at
stocks, cryptos, and discussing their
portfolios uh through to the next stages
of the cycle. Speaking of the cycle, the
homebuilders ETF also broke down on the
weekly close. So, there it is. huge move
down, broke underneath the 50% at 105.
The next level to break down is 102.
Essentially, we're watching this as
signs that there's not that much further
to go through the 18-ear cycle. Doesn't
mean that the S&P 500 will peak from
this point. I still think there is
further to go. And the VIX is one of
those indicators that suggests this was
just a shortterm move to the downside.
Short-term is not like crypto. It's not
talking about hours. This could be
talking about days to weeks. And in
terms of uh the the volatility index, we
could see this rising day after day
because of how slow the grind uh higher
on the S&P 500 was. Now, I don't think
that's going to be an issue for uh the
S&P 500 longer term, but with such a
severe move down like it is today, this
could put the brakes on risk on assets
like Bitcoin and of course
cryptocurrencies, which got absolutely
obliterated, annihilated, hitting new
cycle and new multi-year lows. So,
really shows the importance of sticking
with Bitcoin. shows the importance of
having a strong portfolio to avoid such
drastic draw downs and ideally not
continuing to buy the dips. But more on
that in in just a sec as we uh cover the
VIX, the home builders ETF and the S&P
500. Now, the second thing with the S&P
500 is that we've been watching the
5year cycle. This is the cycle from the
COVID crash. You can see the red line
right here is basically a replica of
what happened through the co crash with
the consolidation and then the move
higher. And in terms of timing for the
uh the pattern of the five years, you
can see we got a low cra I mean that's
crazy again a low on the exact day that
we just saw this huge crash down. And I
talk about this quite often because it
just seems to keep playing out time and
time again. Look at the peak. We saw a
pretty significant peak right around
this top. And then we got another peak
right around these tops. It was lower,
but we have a slightly stronger market
here than what happened through this
period. And now we've got a low on this
day here. Now, is this the final low? Of
course, I don't know. I'm just following
this pattern. And the main thing I'm
tracking here is that it was going to be
a sideways or some sort of consolidation
through this period. Basically more
difficult than what it was over the last
five or so months. This has just been
trending up and now we got that. I had
no idea what was going to happen. Of
course, I have no idea that Trump is
going to announce more tariffs and
potentially get into one of his taco
trades. you know, he puts the tariff on,
takes the the tariff off, and things all
sort of go back to normal as we've been
seeing on this climb up. But the 5-year
cycle has continued to play out pretty
well. So, I'm going to keep watching
that through this period because the
next stage after we get through this
consolidation is another grind higher
into the later part of quarter 4 and
potentially into the early part of 2026.
We also discussed in a previous video
here October quarter 4 so 9 days ago the
relevance of October for the stock
markets which may put a slight dampener
on Bitcoin but I never spoke about
Bitcoin being red in October. It looks
like it should be green just based on
the probabilities but for the S&P 500
October is a coin toss. It's not as
green as what Bitcoin has come out to
be. And for the S&P 500, October has
shown to be a pretty significant turning
point months for years. Uh there are a
couple of those months. March, April is
another key time where you see lows.
October is another one of those points.
October 2023, a low came in there. Uh we
had October in 2022, so the end of the
bare market. And we can basically go
through history and look at all the the
significant times around October. Yeah,
October 2008. That was the Leman
Brothers collapse at that point, which
was basically the timing that everyone
remembers the GFC for. They don't really
remember this next little move to the
downside, which is still severe, but the
low came in March. Then you had another
severe point here, October 2002, the low
of the dot bust right in there, October.
So essentially October is one of those
volatile months for the S&P 500. It has
pretty significant turning points and
right now although we don't have a
turning point on the monthly chart, we
do have a significant event that has
occurred in October as we said the
largest daily draw down since the tariff
collapse and it happened on more tariff
news but it wasn't as severe. So that's
something I'm definitely keeping in mind
here. You got a 6% day down and then a
reversal at the lows. This time we had a
three 3.3%.
So with the tariffs, you hear the news,
you see the shock. The market at this
stage not as shocked as they were back
in April. And guess what? 6 months
later, Trump does it again. You got to
love those turning points when it comes
to the markets. Now, silver's had a new
all-time high price. It's no surprises
that it's having a slight pullback here.
Nearly hit the 50 bucks an ounce,
$49.96.
So, I still think we've got some further
upside, but eventually we're going to
see this uh I think consolidate like it
has done in the past. What I'm talking
about are these silver goes on these
significant moves like you can see
through here in 2005 through to 2006. It
went sideways for months from that
point, then broke out again, then had a
very severe decline. These areas that I
reset my portfolio for that next leg of
the cycle. more information in TIA
premium if you're looking to take things
a little further and on that looking to
reset reset out of cryptocurrencies as
we can see USDT dominance has broken all
of those resistance levels to the upside
the first 4.6%
even shorter term we had that test two
days ago at 4.44 it broke 4.6 six. It
broke 4.75. It broke the overbalance in
time and price, the short-term one, mind
you, at 4.9. It broke the down trend,
roughly sitting at four 5% and it broke
the highs at 5.2%.
So, USDT dominance went on an absolute
tear in the last 24 hours. But the good
news is it got squashed on the close.
So, it got sold off. people selling
USDT, loading back up on Bitcoin and
cryptocurrencies, mind you, yet again,
but we weren't able to get back
underneath 4.75. So, ideally, over the
coming days, we see some closes
underneath 4.75 and then under 4.6. That
would start to put things back into the
frame of the bulls, the bulls for
Bitcoin and crypto, of course, and then
continue on with where we sit in this
cycle. But as always, we've got to keep
in mind that things could be heading
lower sooner and that's why I'm still
very much watching the USDT dominance
and I have the other signs there with
the three days down. So, at the end of
the day, I don't control the markets. I
just have to react to what the markets
are doing. And if there is strength
showing in the USDT dominance and we're
seeing some bearish signals for uh
Bitcoin, you know, 3 days down and it's
unable to recover. It can still recover
from this point, but if it's unable to
and you start to see weakness here, then
then you really start to see that things
could be over, but I'm still on the
bullish side because we haven't seen
those yet. So keep them in mind because
things can turn quite quickly. So
altcoins have now put in a new cycle
low. They've dropped below 5%. This is
your others dominance here excluding the
top 10. So stable coins, Bitcoin, ETH,
and those larger market cap alts.
Everything else, the other 2 million, 10
million, whatever altcoins exist, went
underneath 5%, went underneath the 6%
line that we had drawn here on the chart
and has now put in basically dead on a
new 6y year low. Could that finally be
the end to the the downtrend for old
coins and we finally see some sort of
alt season? It's got many of the
hallmarks for that to occur. Uh
especially when we saw the bounce back
this week. So if it can start to close
above 6.8%
then there are some good signs that the
altcoin season death and the sorry the
altcoins death uh that may lead into an
altcoin season can finally be in front
of us. That is because of this large
capitulation bar here. What's needed
next? Closes above 6.8 ideally above 7%
because that's where this consolidation
came in. So really there were no other
rallies. Everything that rallied got
rejected and this is why we find
ourselves at this collapse here. It's
tested taken out several of these uh
previous lows that you can see before
the market took off. That's the altcoin
seasons and ideally there is some sort
of altcoin season at least equal to the
first one half one that we saw in 2023
June 23 to December 2023. So almost a
six-month move there. That is the larger
altcoin season that you want to see at
least. Otherwise, these are basically
small altcoin moves to the upside. And
you can just measure any of these moves
from the previous ones that we only saw
this um this cycle so far. That's
November, December 2024. So really not
much of a gain there. And if it was only
to rally to that point, similar to that
one right there, that only takes the
market back up to 50%. Which is a very
good place for a rejection. So again, if
you're watching altcoins, keep those in
mind. If there is any sort of rally up
to 8.6 six and it fails. That's not a
great sign for altcoins. Speaking of
altcoins, Ethereum versus BTC, and I'll
check out a couple more as well. Uh it
has dropped 26% from the high obviously
on the day a little less, 5.4%.
It's uh needs to get above 3.8% at least
to put in some sort of strength. That's
right through there with the 50%. And
then that is the 10year I believe
resistance line. You can see this yellow
one on the chart. That number comes in
today at 3.9. So, does need to do a fair
bit of work to get back above it, but
the current 24 hours looks like a pretty
reasonable uh capitulation bar, provided
it can recover and get back above the
previous swing low there at 3.54%.
So, that's what ETH BTC needs to do
after that 26% decline. ETHUSD also off
the double top that we were watching has
declined now hit 100%. So that's 3,800.
Next target is the lows, which also
lines up pretty well with the 150% of
the move down 3,350
bucks. However, if it's able to hold
right above this swing low, which is at
like we talked about 3,820,
then there is a good chance that it can
consolidate and climb back above. So
yeah any moves down essentially what
this is saying it closes below this
level of 3,800 probably looking to test
33 3400
otherwise strength is above 3800 and
then we should see some further upside
to test 43 and 44. Overall ETH has
declined
29%. So, right around that 20 to 30%
that we've been talking about and down
to those 50% levels takes us just that
little bit further to roughly 36%.
And so, that kind of sets it up for that
next leg if it is able to show that
strength on the recovery. That's really
what has to happen after these big wash
out moves. So, that's ETHUSD not looking
so bad even though we had the wash out
there. The one that isn't looking
totally great is XRP. And it seems,
well, I can claim this. I'm definitely
claiming this now. It seems to have
happened again. These are the time
frames that XRP does every single cycle
and every single time it moves to new
highs. So, long-term large moves. 12
months, 13 months seems to be a very
strong repeating time frame for XRP to
go from uh lows to highs and highs to
lows. It did it again. Let's take a
couple of these lines off so just so you
can see the wicks on the bars. I turn
them back on. Put it on bars so you can
actually see the lows. Low to high off
log. You can see the relevance of these
moves. 12 months straight to that high.
XRP holders were telling me it's not
possible this time because of how many
times it's been rejected before, how
many times it it's been uh you know
manipulated and the SEC was there and
yada yada and again it did it 12 months
low to high and now we saw a significant
breakdown. So we saw a break of $2, we
saw a break of 240 and it was unable to
get past 340 which was the resistance
there. So it happened again. There's
your 12 months. uh the other times 13
months and 14 months 12 uh sorry 13
months here you've got 12 months you got
a multiple of the 13 to the downtrend so
usually when the market's going down it
does multiples of these time frames 12
months high to high 12 months top to low
you get the idea seems to be repeating
right now for XRP so the long and short
of it is there are no 100% guarantees
but for my trading and investing. I'm
not ignoring the fact that XRP has done
this every single time. And it
definitely looks like it's on the
slightly weaker edge now that it's done
that. And when you look at XRP BTC, they
got absolutely annihilated almost all
the way back to those lows on this uh
manipulation bar. However, it has
attempted to close back above 50%. So,
that's the saving grace here for XRP at
this stage of the cycle. Now I also have
the Bitcoin timing and a couple of price
targets there as well. But we take a
quick look at soul BTC. It's underneath
50% now after getting rejected at this
50%. So top to bottom rallied up didn't
make it and got rejected. The good news
is it's still holding up. Still getting
higher lows here. So by the end of the
week, possibly next week if it can close
above this number here. 0018 then you've
still got some good news there for soul
BTC. You can see soul USD broke beneath
a couple of those 50% now. So it needs
to get back above 195 by next week.
Sooie annihilated. So really really big
flush outs here almost all the way back
to its all-time low prices around 40
cents. It just hit 55 cents and has
since bounced back from that point. hype
also huge flush out, big bounce back. So
hopefully that's enough of the uh the
manipulation and also Binance big move
down but nothing like the other two.
Surprise surprise considering Binance is
basically the uh the market manipulation
exchange. Now Bitcoin and the time
frames here
150 weeks so far to this current top. So
it definitely puts it into the time
frame of a potential end to the cycle.
But the main thing like I said at the
beginning is that we are watching the
price uh support levels, the swing
charts, the three bar down rule to give
us any sort of insights earlier on to
the end of the move here from the highs.
So it starts with the short-term stuff
then possibly moves out into the longer
term. But for now, we haven't seen the
breakdowns of the weekly charts or the
monthly charts as it stands. So stay
tuned for Monday. See how the rest of
this weekend plays out and we'll get
back into it on Monday. Links in the
video description for TIA Premium. Where
is my chart? There it is. And like and
subscribe, of course. Share the content
with a friend. Any other questions, let
me know in the comments section. I'll be
back again. Have a great weekend and
I'll see you guys real soon. Cheers.