I'm going to show you the simple steps
to get out of the bunker every time. I
see people struggling in greenside
bunkers unnecessarily. And I'm going to
give you the very quick keys that are
going to help you get out. No matter
what level you are, you're going to stop
leaving in the bunker and get it on the
green. You're here on YouTube watching
golf instruction and I wager you have
seen many bunker tips lessons out there.
But there's a reason why you're watching
this because you're still struggling
with them. Here's the thing. A lot of
those lessons that you might see out
there are basically just too
complicated. The technique requires a
bit too much practice.
When I play with golfers, I want to make
sure and my golfers when they go out and
play, it has to be simple. It has to be
executable. And you have to be able to
remember what you're supposed to do in
more situations. Here at Greenside
Bunker, we need to reduce the variables.
We need to make sure priority number one
is to get this sucker out.
So, let's simplify it. Before I show you
quickly what we're going to do, just to
point out, one of the major problems is
either trying to help the ball up or
just being too scared to accelerate
through it. And part of the reason that
happens is because we're using too much
wrist. We're using too much wrist
through the ball, trying to sort of
spank it out or whatever it might be.
What happens is when we just use the
wrist, we either go too quickly and lift
up or we sort of stall the body and just
use the hands here because we're so
focused on this, this, and this.
Let's be more positive. Let's give it a
proper attack. Just to point out, I've
been using Aoda wedges, and these W2
wedges are amazing. But because they are
extremely light and extremely soft, it
makes it so much easier to accelerate
through bunker shots without the fear of
it going too far. So, it's a little
secret weapon that makes a subtle but
very big difference. You can learn more
below. So, we need to do something to
reduce the variables. First thing we're
going to do is hold this club up above.
Right. I've got no wrist hinge at all.
I'm just raising the club up with my
arms and allowing the elbows to fold
just a little bit. That is the wrist
movement. Okay, we are not looking for
any excessive movement here. Wrist
hinge. Some will happen, but if we try
to not do it, it's still going to create
enough more than enough to be able to
accelerate through and get the right
angle of attack. But when we hold the
club up like this, we're just going to
allow it to lower down on top of our
chest. So, I'm feeling a bit more
connected with my upper arms on my top
of my chest here. Okay? I'm not stuck by
the sides. They're sort of sitting on
top. And my only objective now is to
move my core, my rib cage back. No
wrists, nothing. My only task is here
to here. This is the power. This is the
engine. This is all I am thinking about
as far as technique.
We'll get back to that setupwise.
Now, there are a couple of phases we can
do, and I'll introduce them as we go
along. First phase, we're not even going
to bother opening up the club face.
Okay, we're keeping that club face
straight. Setupwise,
we can just open up a little bit here.
Just move that foot back a fraction just
to give you a little bit more freedom to
be able to open up and release through.
Okay.
The other alternative is actually to
move the trail foot back. This is going
to encourage you to accelerate down and
through a little bit more. This is where
you have to test them out. It's a very
subtle adjustment. We're not opening up.
I'm just pulling that left foot back.
I'm not closing up. I'm just moving that
trail foot back two, three inches.
There's all you need to do.
So, let's piece those checkpoints
together.
Here's my setup. Arms on top,
weight forward,
just my core backwards and down. So, I'm
not using wrists. I'm not separating
arms.
I'm just thumping it.
That is it.
With those setup keys, the next thing to
think about is distance control. And
where do I want to hit the sand? Because
we don't want to be making contact with
the sand, the ball. We want to be making
contact with the sand. And generally,
it's going to be like about an inch
behind the ball here and sort of drawing
a line there. But instead of that, I
want you to really think about the
grains of sand that are sat behind the
ball. These grains of sand are crucial
because I want to send them as far as I
want the ball to go. I'm not thinking
about the ball. I'm not even looking at
the ball. I'm looking at those grains of
sand immediately behind it. Now,
remember I said there's a couple of
phases on this one. I am actually going
to open up the club face. And what
that's going to do, that's going to
expose more of the bounce on this W2
wedge and really capitalize on its
ability to skim and bounce through to
get a bit more height and a bit more
spin. Think of it as like a refinement
with this technique because we do have
to accelerate through. So, let's piece
all that together. I'm going to open up
the face. I'm going to regrip. Arms are
on top.
And just a little rehearsal.
No wrists at all. Weight forward.
Chest on top. And there's those grains
of sand. And I'm going to hit them on
the grain.
That's it. Again, this isn't about
perfect perfect spinning shots. This is
getting it out every single time. I
would like you to get really good at
this by not even hitting shots in the
bunker. Just draw a line of sand here.
And what you're going to do is work your
way along the line of sand. So, we go
one more. I'm trying to move these
grains of sand onto the grain. Opening
up that club face. No wrist. Back and
through.
It is really that simple. You can just
get good at doing that. the ball will
come out every single time. Your scores
are going to lower. Now, if you want to
make sure that you don't end up in as
many bunkers around the greens, this
lesson is going to give you the key to a
consistent ball striking swing with your
irons. Thanks for watching. I'll see
you.
Having a decent short game is going to
make your whole golf game so much more
enjoyable. There's obviously so many
variables when it comes to shots within
50, 60 yards of the green. We cannot
possibly cover them all. But what I've
put together here are the four very best
lessons for the four most important
shots that you need to hit. These four
techniques will be used every single
round you play. From bunker to pitching
to chip shots, whatever you face, we
have to simplify it. And that's what
this series has done. We don't have the
time to practice and do as much as the
tour players, especially to learn all
the different variables. So that's why
these lessons are what I give to people
when I'm doing playing lessons, friends,
students, the things that you can
remember next time you're in a bunker.
The simple keys for a basic pitch shot
so you know you can give yourself a good
putting chance. Having a reliable method
for a basic chip shot around the greens
is going to lower your scores more than
you can possibly imagine. Thousands of
golfers have improved their short game
from these very simple principles that
you can apply today to your next round
of golf. I'll see you on the other side.