[Music]
10 years from now, we might look like
complete fools even celebrating this.
However, celebrating the hostages being
returned and reunited with their
families, that in itself is worth
celebrating. And there is a generation
of younger people who are not actually
that interested in fighting in their
grandfather's war anymore.
>> And there'd be no one who'd be happier
than Jeremy Corbyn, mate.
>> Well,
you know, your joke makes a very
interesting point. The people who've
been calling for a ceasefire right now
for the last 2 years are the ones that
are silent or very unhappy. Now,
>> what this is now is an expressly
anti-Jewish, anti-Israel movement.
Can we definitely say that out of all
the issues, out of everything happening
in the world, genuine genocides
happening in Sudan, in Syria, the
plightly to the Muslim weaguers?
Wh why this?
If you've ever wanted to ask one of our
guests a question, now's your chance.
Members get adree, extended, and early
access episodes. Plus, they can submit
questions for upcoming interviews. Click
the link in the description of this
episode or go to triggerpod.co.uk
to join us.
>> So, Francis, welcome back to another
week of me and you talking about things.
We are heading to America later this
week, so we'll talk about that. But, of
course, we're sitting here on the day
that finally the Israeli hostages have
been released from Gaza. You know, I
tweeted this morning saying, you know, a
lot of the Trump derangement sufferers
>> uh need to admit that they've been
wrong. It's an extraordinary
achievement.
>> It's a huge achievement if you think
where we were comparatively a few weeks
ago. a few weeks ago where you saw the
misery, the suffering on both sides and
you know there's people out on the
street saying that they demanding a
ceasefire which I understand children
and innocent people are dying to the
point where we now have a ceasefire
whether you're a fan of Donald Trump or
you're not is ultimately immaterial. You
have to give the man credit. he has
helped to achieve a ceasefire and
brought to an end and hopefully it will
be an end permanent to the war.
>> Well, you say that uh and this is where
I think it's very very important to
introduce a note of caution at the same
time because I do think getting the
hostages back is just incredible.
Absolutely incredible. Well, we are
sitting here on Monday. It's very
possible that by the time people are
listening to this and watching it on
Friday
that this conflict's already flared up
again.
>> Yeah.
>> And part of the reason is if you
remember the Trump 21 point peace plan,
there are a lot of things within that
that Hamas have not agreed to. And the
most important two things within that
were Hamas disarms and Hamas disbands
and has no no role in the government of
Gaza. There is no evidence that we have
seen so far that we are on course for
that to happen. So
we don't know how it's going to play
from here but but that's to take you
know we should not take anything away.
Getting those hostages out of those
dungeons is an incredible achievement.
And like you say, you know, neither you
or I have been sort of unquestioning uni
unilateral Trump fans, but on this I
just I just don't understand how people
are not capable of giving him credit for
this achievement. It's an incredible
achievement.
>> Of course it is. Of course it is. And
you think you genuinely what other
politician what jin what other
politician do you know in the globe
right now who you think actually could
have achieved that? He's one of the few
people
>> Kim Yan.
>> Yeah maybe maybe would have gone in
there. But the reality is Trump is one
of the few people who who could have who
is so bloody minded and is so unorthodox
I think is the best way to put it that
he could actually achieve that. It is it
is it is miraculous in many ways.
>> And you know what's interesting is like
the Abraham Accords in his first term,
this has been orchestrated by his
son-in-law Jared Kushner. And this is
one of the things that was heavily
mocked at the time. And look, you know,
I've been very very critical of Steve
Wickoff and and his approach to Vladimir
Putin and Ukraine because I I don't I
still don't think there's any evidence
to suggest that he's qualified to
conduct those negotiations.
>> But Jared Kushner is a business guy.
and his only qualification it seemed at
the time was that he is the president's
son-in-law which is traditionally in a
democracy not how these things are done
>> but he went in there and you know a
story that uh a friend of ours told us
about uh Kushner is that
>> he was offered to take a lot of advice
prior to going to the Middle East and he
said no I need to meet everybody and
hear them with my own ears and see them
with my own eyes for the first first
time cuz what he was trying to do was
come at this problem from a fresh
perspective and what he cottoned on to
according to my understanding is
effectively that there's a big
generational divide. A lot of the people
who are in charge of Hamas, the
Palestinian Authority, people like
Mammudabas, they're in their 70s and 80s
now. And there is a a generation of
younger people in both in Gaza, in the
West Bank, and in the rest of the of the
of the Middle East who who who are not
actually that interested in fighting
their grandfather's war anymore. They're
interested in jobs, well-being, and
they're millennials, so they're they've
got smartphones. They're looking around
going, "Why would I live in this when I
could do what you know what these guys
have in the West?" and and the Kushner
strategy was how do we how do we focus
on the economics of this so that those
people feel like they have a future and
then all the political stuff gets
resolved and that actually is
interestingly where a lot of the Middle
East now is because you know I I I I've
been talking to people from all over you
know Jordan Emirati a bunch of people
and look just you know let's just be
clear none of them have a lot of time
for Palestinians
they They're really not big fans. They
sort of feel like I mean look if you're
Jordanian, you let a bunch of these
people in your country and then they
kill the king, right? If you are from
other parts of the Middle East, you've
offered to help them many times and all
they do is sabotage the process. This is
their words, not mine.
>> That doesn't mean they were happy with
what Israel was doing. They're not
happy. And a lot of them do not trust
Netanyahu. So getting this resolved
even as far as it's come so far has been
very difficult but clearly Jared Kushner
has played a massive role in this and
credit to him and credit to Trump for
appointing him.
>> Absolutely. And then you look at the
scenes the scenes in Israel were just so
profoundly moving as well. the fact that
that to it felt like of course not
completely but the wound was starting to
heal that Israel was was becoming more
unified and we were we are and it's
tentative because we don't know and a
lot can change but we are on the path to
maybe maybe some stability in that
region because you did worry and there
were points where I was watching this
and well we asked the question to
Netanyahu himself, are you worried in
getting trapped in a forever war? That
was a very real concern because
violence, death, brutality, all it does
is
>> you then radicalizes people and then who
will then join Hamas and you there's a
there was a part of me wondering was
well is this just going to be it? So the
fact that we've come to this point I
think is a very real cause for
celebration.
>> Absolutely. a massive cause for
celebration, not only for the families
of the hostages and the hostages
themselves, but it just it it creates
the opportunity for a line to be drawn
under this potentially. But we don't
know, you know, saying that 10 years
from now we might look like complete
fools even celebrating this.
>> However, celebrating the hostages being
returned and reunited with their
families, that in itself is worth
celebrating. Whether this then becomes
the first step of a longer, more
expansive movement towards genuine
long-term peace,
we don't know. The foundations are there
because like we talked about, you know,
most of the countries in the Middle East
now care more about the threat of Iran
than they do about the hatred many of
their citizens feel towards Israel. And
one of the benefits of those countries
not being democracies is they don't
really have to care as much about what
people call the Arab street, which is
very anti-Israel. But the people at the
top are really not anti-Israel at all.
They see Israel uh as a potential
trading partner. And they see the
conflict with with u with with Hamas as
basically a an obstacle in the way for
peace and prosperity for their citizens,
which is what increasingly they care
about, whether that's NBS, MBZ, and
others. Um, so there is the the
potential for this to be the first step,
but as I say, as long as Hamas remains
in power, I don't think it's viable. I
mean, the first thing they did the
moment this happened is they came out of
the tunnels and started killing
Palestinians that don't agree with them.
>> 30 of them. Yeah.
>> Yeah. At least. Uh, shooting people in
the legs. This is what what they do.
These these are brutal, violent
terrorists who captured Gaza under their
control and are keen to hold on to as
much as they can. And until they're
removed, whether that's peacefully or
otherwise, I just don't think there's a
viable strategy for peace. I hope I'm
wrong about that. And I also hope that
they are
disarmed and effectively dismantled.
That's what needs to happen.
>> Um and it just remains to be seen
whether those next steps will follow.
>> Absolutely. And then that also brings in
the issue of Iran who are funding Hamas
and they're funding Hezbollah. As long
as Iran are able to fund terrorist
groups, what they're effectively doing
is destabilizing a region. They're
incentivizing terrorism. They're
incentivizing extremism. So you look at
Iran and you think to yourself, well, we
want stability in the region, but can
you really have a stab stable Middle
East with Iran and with that regime in
place now?
credit to giving credit to the Israelis
and the Americans. I don't think Iran is
as nearly as confident as it used to be.
But I don't I wouldn't go nearly as far
as to argue that it's calmed down,
particularly in terms of the way that it
sees the Middle East and the way that it
sees Israel. Yeah.
>> So, that's going to present another very
significant challenge because there's a
very coherent argument that to be made
that unless something is done about
Iran, then you're never going to be able
to eradicate this problem. Well, that's
I think true, but I think the answer to
that problem, as I understand it, lies
in uniting the rest of the Middle East
with Israel against Iran effectively.
And that is what's happening. I mean,
the Abraham Accords, when they were
signed initially, they they ended up
including four countries. I we're
hearing rumors now that Indonesia, the
most populous Muslim nation in the
world, is about to join them. And if you
can get Saudi Arabia and other countries
as a result of this current peace
process to join, then you've basically
got the entire Middle East barring one
or two countries united against the
threat of Iran. That is a totally
different
prospectus than what we've got at the
moment. Uh and of course Iran, as you
say, has been defanged somewhat in terms
of what's been happening recently. So,
you know, it's a real day of hope.
We will find out. You know, I guarantee
you, I'm not a historian of this
conflict particularly. I guarantee you
people have sat in rooms like this for
decades now on a number of occasions and
gone, finally the first step towards
peace. So, the hostages are back.
Fantastic. I hope as successful as Trump
and Kushner and the rest of his team has
been in delivering this that this
carries on. And imagine what an
achievement that would be to not just to
get the hostages back, not just to end
this the violence right now, but
actually to lay the groundwork for
permanent peace in the Middle East.
>> And there'd be no one who'd be happier
than Jeremy Corbyn, mate. Well, you you
know your joke makes a very interesting
point because I don't know if you've
noticed, I don't know if our audience
have noticed, people watching and
listening to this.
>> The people who've been calling for a
ceasefire right now for the last two
years are the ones that are silent or
very unhappy now.
>> And they don't sound they that's the
thing that is bizarre where they go they
number one they don't seem they they're
not celebrating the fact there's a
ceasefire. They're not celebrating the
fact that innocent human life is going
to be saved and not sacrificed on the
altar of war. They
not only are they not happy about it,
but they seem quite angry about it and
they say, "We're going to carry on
marching." And then you say, "Well, what
is it that you actually want then?"
>> Well, they told you. They told you. They
told you at those marches from day one
what they actually want.
>> Yeah.
>> From the river to the sea.
>> To the sea.
>> That's what they want. and you you you
listen to them and you listen to the
rhetoric coming out of it and you're
going all right this is just straight
anti-semitism now before I could
understand an argument being made there
some people there going this is awful
this is terrible I'm marching because I
want an end to war I get that I think
it's slightly I think it's naive to put
it mildly but I get it but now there
there can be no excuse now if you go on
and those marches then what are you
really there for and the thing that's
really worrying is the rhetoric that is
coming out of the hard left the Corbin
to Zara Sultanas. I mean Zara Sultana to
be fair to is at least honest and she
says Israel should be abolished.
>> So she is not beating around that
proverbial bush. She wants Israel wiped
from the face of the earth. And you are
seeing that narrative spread right the
way through this movement. And I I
genuinely think this has been a true
maskoff moment. Go. It was never about
peace for a lot of you. It was never
about in this human life. It was never
about the plight of ordinary
Palestinians. What this is now is an
expressive expressly anti-Jewish
anti-Israel movement.
You, the trigonometry audience,
understand how vital free speech is.
That's why we're proud to reintroduce
you to our long-standing partners, give,
send, go. We caught up with their
founders at Jordan Peterson's Alliance
for Responsible Citizenship Conference
this year, and it was clear they are not
just running a crowdfunding site.
They're defending a principle. Take one
of the most powerful examples, Daniel
Penny. He stepped in during a dangerous
subway incident in New York and was
later charged with homicide. His give
Send Go campaign raised $3 million,
allowing him to mount a strong legal
defense as his case moves through the
courts. That case made headlines, but
the bigger story was this. While other
platforms shut campaigns like his down,
give Send Go stood firm. So, if you want
to support causes that matter or raise
funds yourself, whether it's for free
speech, helping a friend in need, or
disaster relief, visit giveendgo.com
and use the code trigger for a special
2.5% processing rate. That's
giveendgo.com,
the platform that doesn't just talk
about free speech, it protects it.
I genuinely think this has been a true
maskoff moment. Go. It was never about
peace for a lot of you. It was never
about in this human life. It was never
about the plight of ordinary
Palestinians. What this is now is an
expressive expressly anti-Jewish
anti-Israel movement.
>> Can we definitely say that?
>> I think it's definitely anti-Israel.
Absolutely.
>> Well, that's what I mean. But I'm always
a little bit wary. And I look, there's
loads of people that don't agree with
this that I like and respect, and you
might be one of them. I don't know. I'm
always very wary of conflating Jews with
Israel.
>> Absolutely.
>> For a number of reasons because it's the
reverse of what anti-semmites do as
well. They will blame Jews for the
actions of Israel.
>> So, can we really say that if you're
critical of Israel, you're anti-Semitic?
>> But I don't think this is critical of
Israel now.
>> Okay. Can we say that if you don't
believe Israel should exist, you're
anti-semitic?
I think that is where
I don't
could you make a logical coherent
argument for the fact that is
>> well there there are a lot of these
retards right that think that because
they they don't know anything they think
well you know I don't think Israel
should be a Jewish state I think we just
like need a a a you know just you know a
greater Palestine in which Jews and and
and and Muslims live peacefully ever
after together.
>> Yeah.
>> Is that anti-Semitic? I don't think so.
It's but it's not
anti-Semitic.
>> But then I think why
why is, and this is a quote, this is a
number that was quoted. I don't think
it's true. It's probably significantly
less. But let's just take the number
that was quoted, I think, by Zara
Sultana. Half a million people on the
streets.
Like what? What motivates you? I can
tell you cuz cuz this is something I
discussed with Chris Williamson when I
was on his show. Like those of us who
who are on our side of of many
arguments, we have to carefully think
through the arguments of the people we
don't agree with. So if you put if you
imagine I'm Zarus Sultana and you say,
"Well, why are you on the streets?"
>> Israel is is a settler colonial state
>> and it shouldn't exist because it's a
colonizer and colonizing states, you
know, are evil and wrong and it should
be it shouldn't be there.
Okay. But but I I don't understand why
Israel above all else motivates you to
such an extent that it's it's actually
dementing that even a ceasefire happens
and you're like no actually like Jeremy
Corbyn tweeted this and we'll put the
tweet up and he pinned it and it was
just like oh yeah but we're going to
keep on marching. Like out of all the
things happening in the world, they
might say they want a path to
Palestinian statethood. That's what
they're going to march for.
They want a separate independent country
for the Palestinians and they're going
to keep marching until they get it.
>> Okay?
But above everything, why? Why that? Do
you see what I mean? out of all the
issues, out of everything happening in
the world, there's genocides happening,
genuine genocides happening
>> in Sudan, in Syria. You'd apply to the
Muslim weaguers.
>> What? Why this?
>> And why do you keep marching even after
the war
has been stopped?
>> I That's a very insightful question. I
think it's a very insightful question
and and I partly see I think part of the
answer that you're you're I think
proving the claim you made which is a
lot of this is about anti-semitism. I
also think there's probably a broader
thing that I'm sure you'd agree with me
as well which is it's anti-westernism.
>> A lot of these people they they hate the
West and they see Israel rightly as an
outpost of Western civilization in the
Middle East. So if you if you can't
destroy the west, I mean these people
are trying as as hard as they can to
destroy the west, but this is like a
point where it's actually vulnerable,
where it could be destroyed.
>> And I think a lot of their antipathy
towards Israel is that they are ch in
the same way that you know you and I
have had the experience that Irish
people, particularly people from
Northern Ireland, particularly Catholics
from
>> like are incredibly deranged about this
issue. Like I I've the only time I get
people messaging me really hateful stuff
is Irish comedians that I used to gig
with
about this conflict, right? And it's not
because they care about Palestinians,
let's be honest.
>> No,
>> they see themselves in that conflict,
their trauma, the experiences of their
families, which I have obviously empathy
for. Um but it it doesn't apply to
Israel. But my point is people like
project their own onto that
conflict from all sorts of different
perspectives. And I think the
anti-westerners like Corbyn, the people
who actually hate this country
>> and Western civilization in general,
they project that onto Israel. And
Israel is much more vulnerable. It's
much easier to destroy than the United
States, for example. Right. So I think
it's partly about anti-semitism and
partly it's part of their broader
agenda.
>> Yeah. And I've I've been following a lot
of the hard left because as you see our
economy struggle, as you see the gap
between rich and poor widen, as you see
young people being unable to afford to
get on the property ladder or have the
middle class life, should we just call
it, that their parents and grandparents
enjoyed,
>> the more radicalized they have become,
which I understand actually, and I have
a certain degree of empathy for. And
we've seen the the the far-left grow in
prominence. And we've seen that with the
rise of Zack Palansky, uh, your party,
etc., etc., Zarus Hultana, but I've
noticed their rhetoric becoming actually
and becoming far more emboldened and far
more strident. You saw Zack Palansky on
Question Time call people in reform
fascists,
>> and you think to yourself, have you
forgotten it was a matter of weeks ago
that Charlie Kirk was murdered? Can you
not understand how that rhetoric is
profoundly dangerous? Can you not
understand that labeling people who are
in reform fascists would to some people
particularly some people who are
unstable who unfortunately there are
always unstable people in the society.
You are making a target of these
politicians and these supporters. You
had Zara Sultana in a speech saying that
we need to fight fascists. We need to
fight fascists in the ballot box in
parliament. I'm like, "Okay, right." And
on the streets and you're going, "Hang
on a second. Is someone wearing an
England shirt or wearing an England
flag, is that a fascist? Does that
therefore mean that you can kick them,
punch them? Because if that's what
you're saying, then that is incredibly
dangerous."
>> Well, and interesting. I mean, he's not
someone who gets a lot of credit from
here on trigonometry, but he deserves
credit. Lewis Goodall on LBC interviewed
Zach Palansky and he asked him, you
know, here are the the basic criteria
for fascism, basic core definitions of
fascism, you know, complete control of
the state, uh, no democracy, lots of
other things. Which of these does Farage
match? And and Palansky had no answer
for this.
>> So, you've described Nigel Farage as a
fascist. Now, fascism, the last time I
checked, involved ultra athoritarian
nationalism, the suppression of
disscent, a single party state, a cult
of personality, and the use of violence
or paramilitarism to achieve its end.
Which of those criteria would you say
Naja Far satisfies?
>> I think most of them were on the way. If
you actually listen to the things that
he's saying,
>> a single party, he's not proposed to
abolish British democracy. That's
absurd.
>> He's not yet, but also during Brexit,
when you think about take back control,
some of the themes that were in there
all seem to be speaking. You think that
you think that Brexit was about the
consolidation the creation of a single
party state?
>> I think Brexit was ultimately about
protecting a wealth of
multi-millionaires and
>> but that's different. No no no you're
changing the conversation there. I've
just asked you I've just asked you about
how you think Niger Farage satisfies the
criteria criteria of fascism one of
which involves a really key one the
creation of a single party state. What
has Nigel Farage said or done which
would indicate any legitimacy to the
idea that he's in favor of a single
party state? Well, I was about to finish
with what I was saying, which is when
you have excess power in this country
and wealth, which often come together,
when that utilizes working-class
resentment. You don't have to be a
historian to know there are many times
in the history when that's exactly when
fascism begins. Now, it does not begin,
as people say, in jack boots. It doesn't
begin always with militarism. It
actually begins with the kind of
rhetoric we're saying. So, if you're
asking me, is Nigel Farage in full-blown
fascist rhetoric? Absolutely not. But if
you actually listen and Lewis, you're
someone who listens very closely to the
things he's saying. He's constantly
echoing things that have happened in
history. And by the way, in this
conversation, Kharma doesn't get off
lightly either. If you're going to go on
stage and quote Enoch Pal now, he says
he didn't know that's what he was doing
or that's not what he meant. I don't
believe that for a second.
>> Zapans, you you're the one who said that
we need to have more nuance and
complexity in our conversations. And yet
you're the one calling Nigel Farage a
fascist. One of the things I have to say
I think the media need to do a much
better job as Lewis on that occasion did
of actually holding these claims
up to the light of scrutiny. If you want
to go on a major TV channel on a major
program like Question Time in this
country and call someone from a
mainstream Democratic party a fascist,
>> you need to be challenged. you need to
be challenged. And it's one of the
reasons that Palansky, who we have
invited on our show many times, is
dodging.
We are going to challenge him. And he
just he knows he's going to get wrecked,
>> right? And that's why he won't come on.
And I think it's cowardly. I think these
people, if you want to make your bold
claims, you're most welcome to, but you
need to come on on a program like ours
where you're going to get lots of time,
but you are going to get challenged.
>> Otherwise, I just think it's weak. It's
absolutely
>> and Palanski is weak.
>> It's I I completely agree. I completely
agree. And it's not only weak, it's
incredibly dangerous.
>> We all know and look, we've said it time
and time again. Society is more
polarized than ever, which unfortunately
seems to be the case. You know, people
are angry, people are resentful, all
well, and then you're going to throw the
fascist word in the mix and you're going
to start throwing that about.
You best be very careful. You best be
careful. And if you're going to make
that allegation, that's the same as
saying to someone, "Oh, you see that
bloke over there? Yeah, he's a rapist."
Well, you you best be sure that you can
back that up. Do you know I I I I don't
know that it's like saying you're a
rapist. Cuz I think in our society now,
I think being a Nazi is much worse than
being a rapist on the way that people
think about it. Like somebody could go
to prison for rape, come out and be
rehabilitated. And we've seen people
like that. If you're a Nazi,
>> I I don't think that's a stain that ever
washes off. So when when they call
people Nazis, they're really they're
putting a target on their back. And
you know,
it's like you say, it's been a few
weeks, a few weeks after Charlie Kirk
was murdered
>> by a guy who was quote unquote
anti-fascist. And Charlie was not a
fascist, but he was killed by someone
who was anti-fascist. So what does that
tell you? When you call people fascists,
you're putting a target on their back.
Now we live in a country where
fortunately people don't have guns. So
it's harder to do this. But we also live
in a country in which it's far less
common for for people in in public life
to have security. So when you're calling
members of reform, you know, does that
mean that every politician now if they
lead a popular party, they've got to
have a security team? Is that the
country we want to become? I don't think
so. But
but if this sort of rhetoric continues
and you know you and I have made this
point for years now, if I thought that
fascism was here, if I thought that
literally Hitler was about to take
charge of the country, I would feel it
would be my duty to participate in a
forceful, i.e. violent movement to
oppose it. Cuz that's what you do.
That's what our our great our great
ancestors did. That's what your granddad
did. That's what my granddad, my
great-grandfather did. They went, picked
up a rifle, and went to the front line
to fight Nazis.
>> So, what are you doing when you're
labeling people who are just mainstream
democratically elected people as Nazis?
You're putting them in that same
category of people who must be violently
opposed. It's incredibly dangerous.
>> It's It's incredibly dangerous
>> and irresponsible. And And the worst bit
is is they just seem just to fling this
word about. They just hurl it about like
it's nothing. like it's genuinely
nothing. And you go 2016, that's not
even 10 years ago, Joe Cox was murdered,
an MP, by a by a farright extremist. And
then you go to David Amos, which was, I
think, 2022.
You go, those are two MPs and you're
good. You're putting forward this
rhetoric and you're saying the same word
again and again and again. And we know
how propaganda works. to repeat the same
thing again and again until people go,
"Oh, yeah, they are."
>> Let me introduce you to the people I
work with to protect my family against
financial instability, inflation, and
turmoil. For me, one of the best ways to
safeguard your wealth is by investing in
gold. And that's why I trust the Pure
Gold Company. Here's a smart tip. If you
buy UK minted gold coins like
Sovereigns, you won't pay VAT when you
buy them or capital gains tax when you
sell. All the profit is yours to keep.
And the best part, gold is a completely
private investment. It's outside the
banking system, so it can't be
manipulated by governments or anyone
else. Unlike digital assets, it's yours
in the truest sense. The Pure Gold
Company is trusted by firsttime
investors and seasoned professionals
alike. What I really appreciate about
them is a knowledgeable, pressure-free
approach. They explain everything
clearly, so you feel confident about
your decisions, and they never push you
to buy. Physical gold has stood the test
of time as a store of value, and it
offers peace of mind that other assets
can't match. It's reassuring to know
that even if the banking system falters,
your gold and its value remain safe.
Whether you're looking to diversify your
investments, protect your savings, or
just gain the security of owning a real
physical asset, we highly recommend the
Pure Gold Company. Click the link in the
description or go to
pure-gold.co/trigger
to get your free copy of their investor
guide. That's pure-gold.co/trigger.
Take control of your financial future
today.
And if you want to think about how
people sort of assume that whatever's
happening in the current moment is like
normal. I remember Boris Johnson cycling
to work as prime minister.
>> Yeah. Or maybe foreign secretary David
Cameron cycling like a a not very
popular David Cameron for example,
>> prime minister could go to work on a
bike. Now, you know, he had his team
around in somewhere. But do you see what
I'm saying?
>> Sure.
>> This level of unsafety
for public figures is completely new
>> and it's partly a product of this
rhetoric. And let's be honest, you and I
really always tried to find the the the
truth in among the the polarizing
chatter of both sides. That's what we
that's how we've always approached it.
>> But this is only coming from one side.
>> Yeah. I don't hear the right talking
about how Zack Palansky
is like Stalin.
That's not happening. No, no one is
creating an environment where those
people are likely to be the subject of
violence. But it's happening the other
way. You know, we've been to, you know,
I remember I think it was a spectator
party. You and I were standing outside
waiting for an Uber and Nigel Nigel
Farage came out and it was like burly
bloss just like pushing everyone out the
way. And it's not cuz he's trying to
look like a rapper with a massive It's
because he needs a massive security team
now. Why? Why should the leader of a
major British party a country that
historically has no history of political
violence? We're not like America.
>> Yeah.
>> How many prime ministers have been
assassinated in this country? I don't I
don't know, but I don't think this
really happened. No. Right.
>> We're not a violent country in that way.
But it's now got to the point and that's
partly because these people were
perfectly happy with milkshakes being
thrown at people. Well, okay, you've
demonstrated that someone can be
attacked in that way. Now they have to
get security.
>> And it's also as well they don't seem to
understand that these things are
escalatory. It will start with
milkshakes and then they'll go, "Oh, you
know what? Well, now that we've thrown a
milkshake, why not a punch?" And then it
goes from there.
>> Why not put acid in that cup or or
whatever?
>> Yeah. Exactly. So
the way that they're behaving is
irresponsible. It's reckless and it's
dangerous. But I'm also wondering why
people on the right are not calling it
out harder because I saw that clip from
Zara Sultana. Whatever you think about
Zara, she is becoming a major political
force particularly online
>> online
>> online. And you think to yourself, why
are people on the right, why are people
on the left not coming out and going,
"This is unacceptable. We cannot do
this." Because you know what happens if
violence happens to people on the right?
I'm guaranteeing you that that will in
therefore increase the likelihood that
it's going to happen to people on the
left.
>> Well, obviously,
>> but they don't seem to understand this.
>> I just I just think the incentive
structures, particularly online, are
just so perverse now. It's like the more
you can polarize and divide, the more
attention you're going to get. And it's
I I really think it's it's time for
people to take some responsibility for
the things that they say. But it's not
happening. I mean, look, if after
Charlie Kirk is assassinated in the way
that he is, you don't wake up and go, I
really need to think about, do I really
know what the word fascist actually
means?
I I don't think there's any hope for
these people.
>> No. And so in that case, I just think
they have to be they have to be
thoroughly thoroughly thoroughly
defeated at the ballot box. That's what
needs to happen. And I find it really
Yeah, I agree with you. But the fact
that they have these marches and the
hundreds of thousands of people turn up,
whatever the number is, and then you
have Zara on that stage throwing around
that word, riing people up, I'm going,
there's going to be statistically one or
two people in there who are not
particularly stable, who have the
propensity for violence.
You know, there used to be a time where
politicians would come out and call for
peace, would calm people down and go,
you know, this extremist rhetoric,
violence is not the answer. This is not
how we do things in Britain. We are a
democracy. We do we sort our problems
out by speaking. We do not do this.
And I'm looking at some of these people
going
I'm worried that those days are kind of
slipping away from us. they are slipping
away from us. That's that is what you
are seeing.
That is what you're seeing. It's
extremism all the way down if this
carries on
>> because the the the extremes of the left
and right, they're mutually radicalizing
as you pointed out.
>> Uh if one goes too far, the other one is
and and that is actually what happened
in the 30s. You had communists and
fascists fighting in the streets across
Europe. That is what happened. Um
the the the the
good thing I think is given the way the
reform are doing in the polls,
>> it's becoming quite clear that it's
their election to lose, you know, a lot
a lot of things will happen between now
and the election. If they can win and if
they can have a dominant victory, then a
lot of this can be put to bed just like
we saw in America to a large extent,
right? Like I'm not saying
polarization's gone in a way in America,
but when the election happened, a lot of
people just went, you know what, he's in
charge now.
>> Yeah.
>> He got elected. He won the electoral
college. He won the popular vote, etc.,
etc., etc. Um, we need we need a
government that has the mandate to make
the major changes this country needs.
And if that's reform or if that's a Tory
reform coalition, not looking likely or
even if it's a Labor government with a
massive mandate because this government,
you know, they actually tried to cut
welfare, they just couldn't because they
don't have the mandate really for it and
they struggle to do it. Um, that's the
one hope is that at the next election
there is a sweeping to power of a party
that has the mandate to go, okay, enough
of this. We're going to fix this. We're
going to change this. we're going to
sort this out. That's the big hope.
>> That is the big hope. And that's what I
really, really hope that we actually
have a government who's going to come in
and actually be prepared to make
unpleasant but necessary policies and ch
and choices because we've spoken about
this many times, including in these
episodes. We cannot keep going down the
road that we're going down with this
country. Eventually, you need to wake
up, smell the proverbial coffee, and
realize that if we carry on down this
road, it's going to enter this country
being bankrupt. And when the and when
you see nations becoming bankrupt,
people becoming poorer, naturally that
leads to even more extremism, which then
leads to people who we've just spoken
about becoming even more powerful and
people being more vulnerable to
incendiary rhetoric.
>> And because of all of that, we're going
to America.
>> Yes.
>> No, we're not moving to America. I'm
only joking. Well, we are we do a couple
of trips a year to the US. We're about
to go for a few weeks. Uh we've got some
super exciting guests. We never talk
about I guess too far in advance cuz the
moment we mention a guest, they
invariably cancel, so we just jinx it.
Uh I'm super excited to go.
>> Oh, I can't wait. It's going to be
brilliant. It's going to be brilliant.
It's the the quality of the
conversations that you can have in the
US. It's just fantastic. I love doing
the America guest because this country
is brilliant. I don't want anyone having
a meltdown, but because America is
simply a more populated nation, that
does mean that there is a depth of
talent there that we can't match in this
country.
>> You're being a little bit inauthentic
there. It's not just about the
population. America is also where
everything happens.
>> Yeah, it's true.
>> Yeah, it is.
>> Like Karma came out and go, our foreign
policy really helped to get the
ceasefire.
You just go, what the are you talking
about? You were completely sidelined.
and you had nothing to do with it.
America is where culture happens. It's
where politics happens. It's where it's
the center of Western civilization now
as Britain once was.
>> Yeah. Exactly. And the number of
brilliant people that we're going to be
talking to, writers, thinkers,
economists. It's going to be so much
fun. YouTubers, YouTubers, business
people, and just generally fascinating
people to talk to who've got a really
insightful view of the world. I love
going to America. I really do. And
there's a po there's a time every trip
where I'm like I could live here and
then something happens I'm like yeah
probably not.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's something we've
often thought about is like obviously
from a from a business perspective it
would be an incredible move for us. Uh
but also we love this country and we
love being here but we love visiting and
we spend increasing amounts of time in
the US. So we're we're going to go on
Joe Rogan's show for the sixth time.
Yep.
>> Which is, if you think about it, there's
not many people in the world who've been
on on Joe Rogan six times. Most of the
ones who have a lot of brain damage
>> cuz they're either comedians or UFC
people.
>> Yeah.
>> Or both. Um, so I don't know. I don't I
don't know what that's Has he been on
six times? I don't think so.
>> Hasn't he?
>> I don't know. I haven't counted.
>> But anyway, my my point is that's, you
know, it's pretty special. It is pretty
special and I'm really looking forward
to doing the show, hanging out with Joe
and like I said the just the range of
experiences and the people that you meet
and it's so good just getting out of
your own country and talking to people
who see the world in a different way
from a different culture and and sun and
sun. Let's just be honest.
>> Oh, the sun.
>> It's going to be great. Well, and and
one of the exciting things obviously we
always go to a bunch of different
cities. Yeah. Uh we often do an east
coast trip and then west coast trip.
This time we're doing both.
>> Uh so we're we're doing in this trip
we're doing Austin, LA, San Francisco,
which we've never been to. Yeah.
>> And I am Do you know what? San Francisco
I'm very excited about because I have
seen that uh classic movie The Rock.
>> Yeah.
>> Probably about a hundred times. I my my
friend my school friends and I used to
watch that on almost daily basis. U but
also some super cool guests. Y
>> uh and it's a place we haven't been to
before with the show. So, we're going to
we're going to have some great
conversations there. LA,
>> Austin, and then New York on the way
back as well and hit a few of the of the
regulars and some new people as well.
So, it's a great mixture of new and
recurring guests uh that I'm super
excited about.
>> I'm so It's going to be it. And you
know, the thing that excites me the most
about these trips, the food.
>> The food. Of of course it's the food. Of
course, it's the food. Besid No, it's
the hidden gems that we didn't know
>> and then we just encounter like last
trip it was Richard Miner.
>> Yeah. That is I don't know if you know
but we we were delighted when it hit a
million views on YouTube. It's now on
1.2. Wow.
>> It's kept growing.
>> Yeah. Well, because it's sublime and so
those are the ones who you just go you
kind of feel like someone who's
searching and you just find this little
gem and then you just show it to the
world.
>> Yeah. And you know, we've got a lot of
guests that we've never had on the show,
so we're going to find out. And you
never know what they're like, but all
very very exciting. Also, some returning
uh guests as well. I I I really want to
tell people who they are, but I can't.
>> Um, you know, it'd be interesting to
talk to to some of our friends who we've
had on the show who are not fans of
Trump.
>> Yeah.
>> We'll be as vague as that.
>> Uh to find out how they feel about Trump
now that he's
>> secured peace in the Middle East. and
you know, lots of other conversations.
So, it should be a lot of fun and some
amazing episodes to see our to see us
through to Christmas.
>> It will do. It was going to be
absolutely incredible. And uh as always,
if you want to get the first dibs, the
first look at the amazing guests,
there's only one place to do it.
>> Well, you're talking about Substack,
which is of course triggerpod.co.uk.
And we have a very special offer right
now. People can sign up and get 20% off
membership uh if they want to do it in
the next few days. uh which obviously
gives them a chance to ask our guest
questions to know who those guests are
before we interview them and lots of
other amazing bonus content on there as
well. Uh so they can take advantage of
that. If you haven't signed up already,
we'd like you to know you're a bad
person and you should be ashamed of
yourself.
>> You're probably a fascist.
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]