Folks, you better get ready. In today's
video, we're going to break down the
latest on the market and plays. And then
for the main entree, we're going to
break down one specific stock with
extreme upside potential. It is a
company that just teamed up with Nvidia,
Alphabet, and Open AI. This company has
outsized growth rates compared to its
peers, long-term proof of concept, a
beautiful moat around them to keep out
the competition, and lots of catalysts
in the near future. We're going to break
down everything you need to know about
this stock and we'll let you be the
judge. And as always, if you're the one
taking the ultimate risk, you got to be
the one doing the ultimate risk. Always
do your own due diligence on all ideas
presented. Okay, so let's get into the
market context here. So what you're
looking at here is the divergence
between US job openings and the S&P 500.
The gap has never been this wide. And
this gap isn't a fluke. It's indicative
of the very very very early days and
early beginnings of a trend that you're
going to see play out over the next
years and decades. A trend that's going
to cause many societal issues over the
coming years, but also many many wealth
creating opportunities for those who
have their eyes open. Now, what you have
to understand is that massive amounts of
dollars are flowing in this economy and
will continue to flow as rates get cut,
but they're going to be flowing into
areas that don't create as many jobs per
dollar. And this trend is just going to
get worse and worse and worse. To make
an oversimplification, think about the
different economic impacts of these two
different scenarios. If you give $10
million to a tech company, that tech
company is going to use that to build a
data center and hire like three people
to manage it. Long-term, that data
center will help the company further
reduce their headcount and help them buy
even more data centers, which further
helps more and more companies reduce
their headcount. Now, on the other hand,
if you give $10 million to a traditional
mom and pop business, well, that mom and
pop business is going to open more
shops, restaurants, and offices, and
hire dozens and dozens of new employees.
Those employees will help improve the
company and generate more demand and
long-term help these companies and these
stores grow faster and further and hire
more people. And so if you go back to
this chart here and you're asking
yourself, okay, well, why is 2025 such a
massive year for the market, such a
massive year for economic activity and
money flowing, but at the same time,
it's not transferring into new job
growth. It's not transferring into
parallel job growth at the very minimum.
Why is that? Well, this is why a dollar
flowing into AI and data center creation
doesn't have the same impact on job
growth that a dollar flowing into a
traditional business or a traditional
mom and pop would. Take a look at this
data set here. So, the companies seeing
the biggest growth in sales and market
cap also happen to be the companies that
need the least amount of employees per
dollar earned. Now, of course, on the
bright side, highly specialized, highly
paid employees are going to get paid
more and more money to run these systems
at companies like Nvidia, at OpenAI, at
Microsoft, at Amazon Web Services, so on
and so forth. But the average worker who
doesn't have these skills is going to be
left behind. So, that's why it's so
important that we prepare ourselves.
We've been talking about this again and
again, but productivity gains in this
economy are not going to go to the
average worker. They are going to go to
the stakeholders, the owners of shares
in companies. It's been that way since
the 1970s, since we got rid of the gold
standard, and since all of the big
technological booms. But this trend is
going to get only significantly worse.
You ain't seen nothing yet. And if you
ignore this trend, and you don't happen
to be one of the very highly specialized
employees, well, you're going to be left
dependent on the likes of Sam Alman or
Uncle Sam to bail you out. And
personally, I'm an optimist and I
believe eventually you're going to have
a UBI and the UBI might be fairly
generous, but at that point, social
mobility will be dead and you're likely
not going to have much of a stake in the
economy. And that's why I come on here
and I'm yelling, you need to position
yourself appropriately and you need to
think long term. And so, accordingly,
the way to protect yourself and build
wealth in these coming years and decades
is to do the following. specifically buy
stocks that have outsized growth rates
compared to peers long-term proof of
concept and beautiful modes around them
to keep out the competition. These are
very clear-cut common sense criteria
that will put you on the right track.
Let me show you years and years of
stocks that we've called out using these
same criteria. Palunteer we screamed was
a buy at $7.28 back in 2022. We made
endless videos preaching the stock and
its worthiness as a conviction play. And
at recent highs, it hit $190 per share.
Robin Hood, we screamed, was a buy at
just under 18 bucks March of 2024 and
made many, many videos preaching the
stock as a buy ever since then and
explained that the tailwinds were
getting tailwindier and it just hit $145
at highs. Regetti Computing RGTI back in
April of this year, we screamed by the
dip because we believe this would bounce
back aggressively. It was at about $857
at that time and it just recently hit
$35.81
at highs. AMD we've been fans of for
years, but just this last April they
dove and we said bye bye bye the dip. It
was just under 96 bucks at the time.
What ended up happening? Well, it
bounced to highs at 186 this past summer
and I think it's still quite
undervalued. Applied Digital, we
screamed it was a buy at $453 in April
of this year and at recent highs it got
to $28.25.
We screamed that SoFi was a buy at
$6.50. It almost hit nearly 30 bucks a
share recently and I still think it's
very undervalued. MP materials we called
out at $31 in the early summer and it
got almost up to $80 at highs later on.
Tesla when everyone was bashing it and
saying it would never come back. We said
look buy the dip. Just look at the
long-term trajectory and since then it's
almost doubled and we're within spitting
distance of all-time highs. And if you
go back through my years of coverage on
Tesla dating back to 2019, we've been
very consistent believing in Tesla
nearly in every single dip. And you can
go back to all the public videos for
that. And these characteristics are not
a oneanddone thing. They also help you
judge whether your stock should continue
running. When everyone was screaming
that Nvidia was a hype bubble about to
pop in 2023, we said no, it's still
screaming buy. If you actually look at
the company, we said yes, the raw price
has gone up, but when you're looking at
what you're getting in terms of
earnings, it's a great deal. And guess
what? The stock since then has gone from
just a trillion in market cap to almost
5 trillion. Many comments on that video
said we were idiots. First comment was
Nvidia will drop like a rock and it had
nearly 80 likes. And no disrespect to
any viewers or anything like that.
Everybody's entitled to their own
opinion. But at the end of the day, I'm
not concerned about how much something
has run. I'm concerned about what you're
actually buying and what you're buying
per dollar. Same story when we called
out the dips on Meta, AVGO, Baba, so on
and so forth. It all comes down to the
simple criteria. And in cases where we
were wrong or a company lost our
conviction over time, it had to do with
that stock not following said criteria.
The takeaway here is not that I'm trying
to say that I'll ever bat a 100red or
that you'll ever bat a 100. You're going
to be wrong. We're going to be wrong.
Your neighbor's going to be wrong.
Bigger picture is if a company is
earning your conviction and they're
showing that proof of concept. They're
showing that outsized growth rate
overall. They're well-managed. They've
got a competitive moat. They're adapting
to the trends. These are things that are
going to cause the price of the stock to
outpace over the long run. And by the
way, don't be fooled. This is a bull
market we're in right now. But sometimes
you're in markets where your stock might
actually go down for many quarters, if
not years. Some of our most famous
picks, like for example, Palanteer,
we're in dysphoria cycles for 18 plus
months. You imagine coming on YouTube
and saying that we believe in Palunteer
for 18 months while the stock just loses
money or stagnates. If you're holding
shares in these types of stocks, you
know how many times your head's like,
"Oh, this is a dud. This is a dud."
That's just the reality. But if you're
going to buy a winner, you can't judge
the winner based on the market
condition. You have to judge it based on
whether or not it's winning in terms of
the underlying company. Because if
you're in a market condition that won't
reward winning, you got to just buy it
at a good price and wait until you get
into a favorable market condition. Once
you identify winners, never give up on
them. And I promise I'm going to keep
showing up here on YouTube and on the
Discord to give you all the ideas we
know how to give you. Okay, so let's go
ahead and talk about the latest on
plays. Okay, so one of the trends that
we've been focused on is the trend of
the Trump admin taking a stake in andor
otherwise backing companies in critical
resource segments, especially ones that
support AI infrastructure and backup
power tech that powers military
equipment. The ones that we've called
out for you before their actual
government deals were MP material
sticker symbol MP, Intel INTC, Lithium
America's LAC. And each of these had
pretty extreme rallies after they had a
confirmation of government backing. And
in terms of ones that we think are going
to get these types of deals in the near
future, well, you have Elbert Morley
Corp. ALB, but we actually just added a
new one to this list on Friday, and
that's USAR.
I sent this out to Discord members at
everyone. USAR is now reportedly in
close talks with Trump admin LAC/MP/INTC
style deal coming. Now, why exactly
might the government want to take a
stake in USAR? Well, there's a few
reasons. National security and supply
chain independence is really the for
first and foremost rare earth elements
rees are essential for defense
technology such as fighter jet systems
precisiong guided munitions military
drones and radar equipment and currently
unfortunately China controls over 80% of
global rare earth processing capacity a
US government stake in USAR would help
secure domestic sources of these
materials reduce exposure to Chinese
export restrictions and ensure steady
access for military and aerospace needs.
So, this is why this stock is such a key
watch heading into this week because if
they get this deal, which it looks like
it's in the US's best interest to give
them this deal, well, this stock could
have substantially more upside. So,
what's the take moving forward? Well,
this is what we sent out. Quote, USR
just broke above the key $20 price
level. The stock has been trading within
an ascending triangle pattern and the
recent breakout is a confirmation that
the bulls are firmly in control of the
stock at the moment. Additional progress
updates regarding the Trump admin talks
would help USA maintain the current
momentum. No major updates would likely
result in consolidation around the $20
level before any new waves of upward
sentiment. So keep this one as well as
Albert Marley on watch for government
partnership/stake taking and or other
forms of backing. Next we've got Oscar
Health. So this summer we spoke about
how Oscar stock has crazy potential and
has close connections with the Trump
admin by nature of the Kushner family.
And the stock has gone from $15.87 to
nearly $22 which is not bad. But this
one I'd argue is one of the more obvious
deals in today's market. Why? Oscar will
likely be set to benefit as the Trump
administration continues to loosen the
ACA rules and or expand private insurer
participation. Lighter regulation and
subsidy tweaks would directly boost
Oscars' margins and enrollment growth.
Then you've got the insider alignment
and influence. Co-founder Joshua
Kushner's continued stake and family
connection to the Trump network of folks
adds confidence and potential access
advantages. Insider bing has fueled
investor belief that smart money expects
bigger policy or market wins ahead. Now,
in terms of operational turnaround,
Oscar is finally posting strong revenue
growth and improving operating margins,
proving its techdriven model can scale
quite beautifully. With losses narrowing
and membership up, Wall Street is
starting to view this company as a
maturing insurer, not a startup.
Anyways, in terms of the chart, this is
what we said on Friday. Quote, Oscar has
been following an ascending triangle
pattern since the beginning of August
with one failed breakout attempt a few
weeks ago. The attempt indicates that
Oscar bulls are currently in control of
the price action. A break above $22
could accelerate the momentum for the
stock given the double top pattern
present at that level. So again, keep a
watch on the combination of fundamental
news for the business as well as
technical signs on the chart and we'll
do our best to keep you posted in the
Discord on that too. Okay, now it's time
for our main entree and that is one
stock that is dirt cheap and very
undervalued in today's market condition
in my opinion and that is UiPath, ticker
symbol P A. Now, UiPath is rapidly
emerging as a leader in what we could
call enterprise automation, offering a
powerful platform that helps businesses
streamline operations by automating
repetitive rulebased and data heavy
tasks. Its core strength lies in what's
called robotic process automation, RPA,
which allows software robots to mimic
human actions in digital systems like
filling out forms, extracting data, and
moving files across applications. With
deep enterprise adoption, UiPath is used
by thousands of companies from mid-size
businesses to Fortune 500 giants, aiming
to reduce cost, boost accuracy, and
accelerate digital transformation. Now,
UiPath actually goes far beyond this,
which many people don't know. But let's
zoom out for a second to make this super
simple. So, at its core, what is this
company? Well, it's an AI company. It's
got 1.49 billion in revenue when looking
at the last 12 months trading. It's got
$6.85 billion in market cap, which is
not much of a multiple on sales compared
to its peers. It's got 82% gross margins
in the last reports. It's got a
reoccurring subscription business. It's
got virtually zero debt. It's got
OpenAI/Nvidia
and Snowflake collaborations. It's also
got Google collaborations. And it's got
a long history and proof of concept of
leveraging AI. You would think a stock
like this would be up what 30 50 60
maybe 100% year to date given the peers.
Well, no. Actually, the stock's up just
under 5% year to date. So net and in
effect you have a super high margin
steadily growing AI subscription service
and it's barely getting any love at all.
And one of the interesting things about
this company is that when you read the
bearish pieces a lot of times they'll
point out some random bad reviews on the
software apparatus. You go on Reddit,
you'll have some anecdotes of people
complaining that, oh, this software is
actually useless. Well, if you look at
the way that AI has been implemented
across most of the Fortune 500
companies, well, there's a sizable
amount of companies that just kind of
buy AI software to tell their
shareholders, yeah, we're utilizing AI,
but they don't know what the hell to do
with it. And so the executives kind of
just throw these platforms onto their
engineers and the engineers are looking
like what the but I take this as
anecdotal just because some companies
don't know how to use the platform
doesn't mean that it's not good. I saw
these same arguments with Palunteer back
in the day and in fact if you look at
Palunteer on Reddit there's a lot of
people that say this is useless
software. However, what I like to look
at is the overall bigger picture. And
the overall bigger picture is you have a
very steadily growing the data shows old
customers are scaling into bigger and
bigger contracts and you're getting new
customers in and you're continuously
retaining them. So again, I don't want
to argue with these engineering
anecdotes, but at the same time, the
bigger picture is companies are spending
more and more money with UiPath. They're
not spending less. And with new
collaborations, it's hard to argue that
what Path offers isn't substantial
value. Now, let me talk about recent
partnerships. So, Open AAI plus UiPath
UiPath has integrated an OpenAI
connector/activity package into its
platform, allowing developers and
process owners to call OpenAI's models
from within UiPath automations. There's
also an Nvidia plus UiPath partnership.
This partnership is more infrastructure
and performance focused. UiPath
automation agents can now leverage GPU
support via NVIDIA drives for workloads
needing much higher compute power. You
also have a Google+ UIP path
partnership. UPath is forming a bridge
to Google's AI models, for example,
Gemini, so that agents can call or embed
these models into workflow logic. And I
mean just for a overall takeaway here,
this matters because these partnerships
transform UiPath from an RPA player to a
full stack AI automation agent, which
means that it could be repriced a lot
higher than it's currently being priced
at. These partnerships remove the
biggest limitations of old school bots,
unstructured data, slow decisions, no
reasoning. The NVIDIA plus OpenAI plus
Google partnership makes this a super
team stack for enterprises and puts
OpenAI at top many enterprises lists.
model choice equals customer power,
which equals more stickiness. These
integrations are likely to cause more
and more stickiness. So anyways, I think
if you look at the facts here, these
integrations and the overall steady
consistent growth of the underlying
software here, well, I think these
things are very, very much undervalued.
Now, if you are on the Discord, we
alerted call options on path on this
past Friday, and I'm not going to reveal
the actual calls, but I'll give you the
breakdown of why we see upside potential
enough in the near future to have
alerted these specific calls. So AI
adoption catalyst LLM demos are
everywhere, but UiPath stack is designed
to turn them into measurable ROI with
automated workflows, compliance, and
observability. Enterprise entrenchment,
10K plus customers, deep Fortune 500
penetration, high net retention equals
sticky ARR model. We love reoccurring
revenue and this is a company that
prints it at high gross margins. You
have platform expansion from RPA to AI
agents. Document understanding in AI
co-pilots integrated across IT, finance
and operations. Secular Tailwind. You do
more with less. This is a do more with
less environment which forces
enterprises to prioritize automation and
UIP path benefits from cost cutting
mandates because they're a top client in
that space. And then of course you have
global reach presence across the US,
Europe, and Asia means UiPath captures
AI productivity spend across multiple
geographies. And then you have operating
leverage. Scaling growth margins and
improving path towards consistent
profitability means optionality from
multiple expansion. And again, I think
this company is trading at multiples
that are ridiculous for what it's
offering in today's market environment.
So anyways, let us know what your
favorite stocks are down below. Let us
know if you like UiPath or there's
things that you don't like about it. We
love hearing both the pros and the cons,
the agreements, and the disagreements
with our ideas. Very important to have
an open conversation. Anyways, that caps
off today's video. Make sure to join us
in the Discord down below if you want to
get access to all of our ideas and
alerts and our full Zip Trader
experience.