What's up everyone? It's Gabby Trades
here and welcome back to the Coinb
Trading Channel. Well, the market
flushed and now what? This is what we're
here to find out. Is it over or are we
faced with more uncertainty? You guys,
before we get rolling, don't forget to
smash that like button, subscribe if
you're new here, and hit the small bell
notification so you never miss a live
breakdown here with me. Okay, I was
hoping that our guest is not going to
show. Uh, but yes, here she is. Uh,
anyway, you guys, we're going to jump
straight into it. I want to see who is
in the chat box. I haven't seen you guys
since the big flush that we had on
Friday. So, it's extremely important. I
want to see how is everyone doing. Okay,
hold on. We have a little bit of We have
a little bit of
um All right. Hopefully, she's not going
to bother us anymore.
All right, cool. Dan the Legend is here,
you guys. Let's jump straight into it.
Let's just turn into it and not get uh
distracted over here. Happy to see you
all guys here. Um and yeah, we're just
going to like talk about it briefly.
We're not going to go too much into
details, but of course we are due to
mention Mr. Blake. Hello, Demetro. Hello
everyone. So, basically uh we had the
trade war escalation. All right,
everyone knows about it. We've seen
about it everywhere where uh China
clamped uh down on rare earths and the
US hit back basically. Long story short,
this is what happened. They basically
expanded their export control of around
12 rare elements, rare earth elements
plus relating processing magnet tech. So
they say that this is going to be
effective from December 1st. And they
cited national security reasons which I
actually find very interesting, right?
Uh so by the way um the interesting
thing is that their rare earth exports
already fell super sharply in September.
So that's one thing um that I think it's
important to to note. They dropped down
31% from August. So uh you know I'm not
sure what that means, but of course we
know that the US responded very badly to
that. They say that they're going to put
100 100% tariffs on Chinese goods
starting even earlier 1st of November
and um they're going to tighten the
export control of uh of their own. So,
you know, in in regards to trade talks,
uh I don't know. The US pretty much said
that they've requested uh to to have a
phone call with Beijing,
but after that, China deferred from it
and they accused the US of double
standards. All right. Now, the EU is
also getting involved. The EU is Oh,
where is my thingy? Okay. Uh let's try
to restart it. Anyway, so basically the
EU
seeks US alliance to counter China rare
earth's uh crack crackdown what it says
here. So basically they're looking to
counter China's strategy. Furthermore,
furthermore, we have here Scott Bezant.
He's basically saying that China wants
to pull everyone else down with them. He
is basically saying that they're he's
trying to frame it as sort of like an
economic coercion, right? Um so yeah,
it's pretty much crazy right now. But
basically the takeaway for Earth uh is
that they are kind of like if that
happens, it's going to squeeze the
margins across all the semiconductors.
So you can imagine how important that
is. Also think about the E uh the EVs,
right? We saw what happened to Ferrari.
I don't know if you saw actually I saw
it on on my discord earlier but u yeah
so it's very important defensive tech um
all of that is going to intensify
pressure on the supply chains as well.
So what do we do to expect here? Well of
course it's going to be super volatile
anytime we have whatever headline uh
breaking out uh in regards to to this.
So obviously we had the market snapping
down on Monday. Let's quickly talk about
that. We have uh we had a quick after
the brutal selloff, we had a little bit
of relief bounce uh on Monday when Trump
softened sort of the tone with China. He
says that they're willing to help China
basically in Trump's fashion as usual.
VIX was spiking as well. So yeah, it is
what it is. Momentum is super fragile,
you guys. And we need to remember relief
rallies are real. We can scalp them. But
the sentiment is super tethered right
now to the US China moves and all the
macro data. By the way, all of this
amidst the US government shutdown and
they're laying off over 4,000 federal
workers so far, right? And they're even
warning of more cuts if uh this standoff
continues to um to drag off. So clearly
we're trading in murky waters and we
have less visibility because um we don't
have the data as well. So this week was
also important because we have uh we had
major banking earnings. I had to look
them up just before the market bell. Uh
we got JP Morgan as well. So basically
that was important right JP Morgan City
Goldman Sachs they all uh sort of kicked
off before we have also after the bell
more um earnings. We're coming into
earnings week right now. You know, very
very strange government shutdown into
earnings week. It is it is crazy. But
thankfully uh JP Morgan delivered a
strong Q3 uh with profits of over uh 14
billion uh basically. But over here
chief executive Jamie Diva Diamond is
also saying that you know there is a
heightened degree of uncertainty amidst
you know the geopolitical conditions
tariffs and trade uncertainties
right so there even even though they've
had a very good Q3 they're still they're
still concerned their trading did very
well um investment banking fees also
increased um and then CTI had a brief
look as well before so Q3 revenues they
did also really Well, uh 22.1 billion in
revenues whereas uh they're having the
net income for quarter 3 um up to uh 3.8
uh 3.8 billion, right? So that's a 16%
jump in Q3 for Cityroup. So at least
we're having some positive news over
here, you guys. Um I want to know how is
everyone doing? Did you guys get
absolutely slammed? Um let me know what
happened to you on Friday. Um
it's a terrible subject to discuss
obviously but um you know it is what it
is. Um it is crypto so this is what
we're faced with. All right so we're not
going to waste any more time you guys.
Let's see what's happening in the chat.
Good morning. Hey. Yes. Yes. The cat was
passing. I'm sorry about that. Bought
more. All right. That's that's that's
good. All right. the empire is uh
collapsing and we know what lot to spawn
is what is saying. Yeah, luckily some of
us are okay, some of you know some
people are not but um it is what it is.
So, all right. So, we're going to jump
straight into it and start with with the
Bitcoin chart. By the way, I don't know
if you watched our live stream with Dan
um on Friday, which was actually
hilarious. Maybe not hilarious, but we
were I was discussing with him and with
you guys. we've been discussing together
in the live streams a retest of Ethereum
3500 and Dan was a little bit like
shocked and then he texted me after that
well Gabby it happened and I'm like well
I didn't want it to happen in this way
but uh here we are
Alex oh they got me gaps they got me
good uh this is very bad yeah Adab you
were right the other day with Dan you
said it would drop to um mid to upper
3000s yes I'm sorry you guys I'm sorry
It is what it is. I see on the charts
whatever I see and uh I'm here to tell
you what I see. So um all right cool.
Here is the massive drop that we we were
discussing about. Now we had few days
after that right over the weekend on
Sunday we had a massive bullish
engulfing candle over here uh which
we're pretty much shadowing right now
with this um you know another negative
day today on the chart.
So the thing is right I was hoping for a
drop honestly I must say I was hoping
for a Monday drop but um the Monday drop
didn't occur right the Monday closed as
a doy candle right if this drop had
happened on Monday yesterday I would
have been a little bit more positive for
the markets but that didn't happen so
instead now I'm forced to to um to
prefer shorts rather than longs yet
again which is very very annoying. So,
we have the true month open over here at
around 14 um 100,876
and the true week at around 115K 650
now. All right. So, we're going to
discuss a little bit more things since
you guys uh make sure to like the video
by the way if you haven't. We have 167
people here live with us. So, that means
that we need to have 167 likes. And you
know what? I'm just about to find out
right now if we did that. Oh no, this is
not what I wanted to see. Uh let's close
that and we we'll check it in a little
bit. Let's not um let's not get
distracted. Okay. Uh cool. So first
things first, right? A lot of times you
guys when I'm here with you, Dan gave me
a little bit of feedback by the way. He
told me, Gabby, uh your charts are a
little bit too complicated to
understand. Uh you're speaking on a very
high level. I'm like I'm not trying to I
think I'm being very clear. I just want
you guys to pay very close attention and
it's going to help a lot if you are on
the live streams every time with me. So
I'm here Tuesday, Thursday and on my own
YouTube channel on Monday, Tuesday,
Wednesday, Thursday live. So that's six
times a week of free education for you
guys on how to read the charts. Do not
miss out. Right. Go in the description
box. You can find my main channel over
there. I highly recommend you guys.
Okay. So, we've been together for quite
a while now. We started uh July with the
idea that we're going to be facing a
ranging uh Q3, right? A ranging Q3. Here
it is. Right. The range is a little bit
ugly, but it it is still a range Q3. So,
now finally, you guys know very well and
what did I try to tell you on this
channel? It is very important for me for
market to develop and I want to be
looking at the market after 13th of
October. As you can see the drop
happened Friday before my true month
open. What does that mean? Well, that
means Okay. All right.
A sympathic person. Okay. Thank you. I
thought you said something else. So
basically that means uh that anything
before that for me is going to be a
massive manipulation and I needed to be
threading the markets very very careful.
So now I'm a little bit more um inclined
to take risks from the 13th of October
as you guys know what my bias is for the
next five months. I am going to be
bullish on crypto for the next five
months. All right. So the thing is
now that we we we've developed our range
from July. Okay, in very simple terms,
this is what I said on my main channel.
I'm going to say it here as well for you
guys. Coinb trading view uh trading
trading coin bureau trading channel. Um
okay, bias for us. There is three ways
that this can go from here on. Right?
Since you have since you have this over
here, what is that? Very simple, right?
You're looking at this at this
formation. What is that? That is a very
clear reversal, right? That is a very
clear reversal. So once you have a very
clear reversal like that, there is three
scenarios that can occur, right?
Scenario number one, very important. In
scenario number one, what you can happen
is a continuation, right? You can start
the quarter with a continuation. Okay?
Uh, and by the way, after the
continuation, then you're supposed to
get some sort of a range, right? Then
you're if you have a bullish bias, which
we do, after that, you're supposed to
get some sort of manipulation and then
continuation. This is scenario one.
Okay. Scenario two, you have an
immediate reversal with the beginning of
the quarter, right? immediate reversal
from where you have again a range
since we have a bullish bias
manipulation to the downside is what we
expect and then continuation up right
scenario number four you start
immediately right now forming a range
right scenario number three forming a
range
okay after which you manipulate outside
of this range and then you continue up
why because we have a bullish bias
Okay.
All right. So, I hope this makes sense.
I know it's a little bit weird. Um maybe
because you don't exactly understand,
but just bear with me. All right. So,
these are the scenarios as I'm looking
at the beginning of this week. For me,
scenario number three begins to be a
little bit more viable. So that would
mean that right now what I'm what am I
mostly expecting from this price action
is for price to start ranging this week
and whether maybe this Friday or
beginning of next week Monday we
manipulate one more time to the downside
outside of the range and then uh we
start trading up. All right. By the way,
with the massive drop that we had on
Bitcoin and we cleared I think a low
almost like 101 um.5K
on Bitcoin. I want to say that Ethereum
dropped but it was stronger than
Bitcoin. And remember what we have been
saying and what I've try what I tried to
tell you guys for all these weeks coming
into this moment, right? What we need to
watch out for is this specific weekly
candle over here. This specific weekly
candle. There is in no shape or form a
possibility for us to have a close below
this low over here which is 3,492.
Right? We said that this area can be
wicked, but price needs to rebounce
quickly up and close above this specific
um support right down here at 3,492.
So, we've see we've seen that happening
right now. And if you go on a daily time
frame, you can clearly see that this has
happened sort of in a V-shaped reversal
form. So from here on then you're
starting to use then you're starting to
use your other methods on how you trade
the V-shaped recovery for example right
and then you see that you have a few
potential retests of this area the first
one is right now over here from which by
the way is no secret I am long okay um
at this retest down here at the uh
Vshape recovery so just wanted to uh to
make sure you guys are following me on
that since you're not um on my main
channel or on my Discord. But anyway, I
want to remind you for that reason, make
sure to come in the description box and
check all of the uh promotions and
everything that we have said for you
guys. Um and by the way, we have almost
200 people watching and only 64 likes.
Absolutely unacceptable. Make sure to
follow my main YouTube channel down
here. All of my socials and all of the
tools that I'm using to trade are also
down here. I just wanted to briefly tell
you about Tabbit Bit. It's very
important that you use the stream link
to register because if you do that,
you're going to get an immediate hundred
$100 contract voucher in your account.
So, you're getting $100 instantly if you
register with my link. And then not only
that, you can get up to $200
just uh with with registering, right?
And depositing.
So just FYI, this is if you're solely
using my live stream link on Tabbit. So
that's very useful if you guys are
looking for uh for an KYC exchange to
trade. Okay. So yeah, it's no secret I'm
long from the Vshape recovery over here.
Am I secure in that entry? Absolutely
not. There is many reasons for that,
right? We haven't got a clear signal
that the drop is done. And I'm going to
show you guys how massively they tricked
us and to what extent they've made it
difficult for any trader to catch um any
sort of long right now because there is
literally no confirmations for a long,
right? If you look at Ethereum, for
example, on a daily time frame, on a
12-h hourly time frame, there is
absolutely no confirmation before almost
4,500 Ethereum. So, you essentially need
to wait for price to trade above 4,500
to be like, "Okay, now I'm 100% sure
that this is uh, you know, a a good
reversal." Look at the 4our time frame.
Nothing, right? The only thing that you
have and I've noticed that is Ethereum
uh one hour time frame which is usually
not very good. I wouldn't very cons very
much consider that as um you know a good
confirmation but the 1 hour time frame
is sort of giving um some sort of
reversal formation that you can trust to
to some extent but again it's a very
very low time frame. All right. So the
thing about the thing about this week is
right I think because this week already
opened uh quite bearish this morning
there was u a short presented here only
on Ethereum. There wasn't a short
presented on Bitcoin by the way. So
Ethereum you could have shorted down
here but the thing is right since the
week is opening in such a weak position
I am not going to I think maintain a
bullish bias for the rest of this week.
So what does that mean you guys? Well
that means that my assumption is going
to be that from next week onward we are
going to get a little bit more motion in
terms of longing the market. Not as of
now. If I look at Sana, it looks
absolutely horrible, you guys. It it
really looks bad, right? If you open the
one hour time frame, it's already
showing you that the low at 144, sorry,
142 is liquidity. Again, 1 hour time
frame, very low time frame. But, you
know, it's it's important to to note
that this is here, right? So, this low
is not
necessarily
um not going to be revisited. Let's put
it that way. It's not we're not at a
point to say that we're not going to
make another low. Bitcoin absolutely the
exact same thing. Honestly, you guys, it
I know it looks like very nice at the
moment to start longing and you could
potentially and by the way, my longs
over here, I'm not planning to hold
above uh 4,000 to to 4,200 ETH max,
right?
Um like I said, I'm going to maintain uh
bearish scenario. So, is it possible for
ETH to completely rebounce from here? It
is possible, absolutely. But we still
need more confirmation um on that. The
market is just looking a little bit weak
right now. All right, I want to see if
everyone managed to like this video.
Now, we're again almost 200 people here,
you guys. We need a lot of likes. I'm
not going to check on you, but yeah.
Again, make sure to come in the
description box, check all the offers
that we have down here for you. Um, get
your free money on Tabbit, right? Just
by just by registering, you you'll get
$100 immediately to trade with. Um, and
then make sure to follow my main YouTube
channel as well.
All right. Uh, moving on. Moving on. Let
me see if uh I managed to clear
everything over here. Also, now uh make
sure you put in the chat box all of the
altcoins that you want to see what
happened to them, where we currently
send sending. Make sure to put your
altcoin requests in the chat box. I'm
going to be monitoring the chat box as
we go. Uh and we're going to look at
ETHBTC in the meanwhile. Okay. So, I
want you to note our ETHBTC support at
0.03188 03188
with the drop almost perfect tap into
our support from where price rebounced.
Uh quite satisfying to watch. Of course,
brutal for the market, but quite
satisfying um to watch. At the moment,
what we're observing over here is some
what we call balanced price action over
here on ETH BTC. technicals do not
necessarily work that well on ETHBTC,
but you guys again um it is not looking
bad so far, right? I know we're down
around 3% today, but ETHBTC might
actually, you know, give us a little bit
more. So, I'm hoping for that.
Uh the crazy thing is CNX, right? I
don't know if you guys follow that. Um
but yeah, we had quite quite a momentum
on that 176%. Um and then this chart of
course uh dropped my uh you know
immediately got my attention. So it is
not one of the good charts. Uh it is
extremely bearish chart but now we have
a lot of motion on this chart. And by
the way soon as I open the chart I
noticed that I had marked um this
liquidity down here. So with the drop we
had a perfect sweep of the liquidity
right as they call it. Um and then uh
yeah price just proceeded to make almost
200% to the upside and then looking on
the daily time frame I can clearly see
that this coin can run up to 3.7
um and then I think at around $8 there
was another set of liquidity. So
definitely one of the coins that I will
be uh monitoring from now on you guys.
All right cool. Uh let's start with the
requests. Um
BNB new all-time highs. Do we even need
to talk about it? Uh XRP uh crazy drop,
but using my range model theory. Again,
you guys make sure to sign up for the
trade course that I haven't released
because I don't have time to make. But
anyway, just make sure to get on the
wait list because you're going to get
cheap prices if you do that. It's under
the description box in the video. But uh
the good thing about this XRP drop is
that we didn't really reach uh 1.086
on it. So that to me uh when I see that
uh within the range model theory, I
usually expect for the coins to um to
come into price discovery. So that means
that I'm still expecting for XRP to uh
fly above 3.6543
to be more precise.
Allighty then. So the first one
that we're going to look
um
Zcash that's Ccash if I'm not wrong. Um
so yeah again range model theory in
absolutely perfect uh perfect play
retest of the 0.5. if I'm going to teach
you guys how to do these things, but
basically uh when we have a retest of
the 0.5 price discovery, pretty much
similar thing um that I'm expecting here
for um for XRP. All right, so let's look
at this uh a little bit more in depth.
A little bit more. Some of the coins are
actually running crazy, right? Um I mean
this is clearly um into price discovery.
What can I tell you? Did we actually um
took the high over here? No, we haven't.
So potentially that high is going to be
targeted. So we need to go on the lower
time frame to see what's happening over
here.
Um
so this was the drop recovery.
Yeah. So still potentially bearish as of
now.
Uh
hold on one second. So yeah, there there
is a potentiality for this to drop down
to 185 185.5. So I'll monitor this area
for now. Uh the current drop is to 215.
I don't think that's enough. Potentially
185.5 uh for this is going to be an area
that I'd be interested into um
re-entering. Hold on one second. Let's
have a look.
will also says the wick well it pretty
much matches with a 50% retest or the
equilibrium of the wick um from the
liquidation. So, uh yeah, that's
definitely definitely an area of
interest for me. Uh for Z for Zcash,
it's Zcash, right? Sometimes I forget.
Um okay, cool. Uh
yeah. Okay. XRP we just saw. Um H bar.
I'm scared to look at H bar honestly.
Like I personally even haven't uh
checked at all the all the alts. See
4hour time frame. This is not looking
good on the 4hour at all.
At all.
Uh into a daily support. That's nice. Uh
let's mark it down here. Important to
mark. We have one more in case of
another liquidation.
We just need to be sure, right? We just
need to be sure that we have the areas
in case of another liquidation. That's
it.
Uh in terms of recovery, not one of the
strongest uh coins, unfortunately.
Uh not one of the strongest. Uh
probably I'll trade very very carefully
over here. Um I'm not going to touch
this uh until we sort of start trading
below 0.22129
uh 149, sorry, 0.22149.
So you want for price to to break above
here and you want that to happen before
you have anything to do with uh with H
bar to be fair.
Turkey supports you. Yes, let's go.
Uh Anna, yeah, for sure we can look at
Anna.
See, that's the thing. Uh it's a
problem, right? The fact that we got to
these lows down here. Uh it's it's not
very good. A lot of people can tell you,
"Yeah, but do you trust the bodies more
than the wicks?" I understand that. And
people are asking me on my main channel.
Again, make sure to follow my main
channel down here on YouTube and check
all the offers, you guys. Again, if you
want free money to trade with using this
link, you're going to get $100
instantly. All right. On Tapbit.
So,
yeah, honestly, like it's not too bad
because uh it is closing above key
levels. Over here we have two key levels
at 0.3794
0.227
uh sorry 0 uh yeah 0 yeah 0 uh 4227
it's not too bad again um if you're
trying to catch the bottom honestly
you might as well try now because you're
at support. Uh but again the market is
not looking very strong right now. I'd
prefer to wait uh a little bit more
before making any um any crazy decisions
because the lows are not confirmed. Yes,
you're trading into a lot of support
down here or you have traded into a lot
of support, but again, you just have to
to uh to trade very very carefully. Take
it week by week because usually I get
the bias um more often than not correct,
right, for for the weeks and uh for the
days. So yeah, you're trading above uh
above support right now. But again, for
this to give a little bit more
confirmation, you do want a close above
0.57, right? Let's mark it. Let's mark
it 0.578.
A body close above that on a daily time
frame is going to give you a little bit
more confirmation on Anna.
Okay. You're welcome. You're welcome.
Uh, no, it doesn't require uh, okay,
golden, golden, golden.
Uh,
ono. We have ono. Let's have a look at
ono real quick.
I don't want to miss all the requests,
you guys. Um, so sometimes repeated, you
know. Uh, yeah. So, on last time we
looked at Ono, we were talking about
this liquidity down here that we we need
to take and we really took it right. Um,
very very nasty chart at the moment. Um,
the low is not confirmed. Again, let's
let's remove all the markings so we can
see a little bit clear
what we have here.
Remove everything. Remove everything.
So again on those similar situation
looking above looking for price to close
above 0.92
0.923 for a little bit more
confirmation.
Way too deep um of a pullback. We
haven't really created a new low uh with
this
um wick but also I can't redraw my you
know my stuff. I can't with redraw my u
my fibs for the range the remodel
because the low hasn't been confirmed.
So I'm just going to keep it as that uh
for now or I might as well just delete
it. It doesn't really matter.
Okay. Uh but anyways
let's mark some supports as well for
down here.
Uh 12-hourly. Do we have anything?
Absolutely nothing.
Let's see on the daily in case of
another flush. Yeah, you do have you do
have a little bit of buy zones just
below that. I don't know if they're if
they're going to do if they're going to
do it again, right? I don't know if
they're going to just flush us one more
time. Um
but retest of the wicks is very much on
the table, you guys. So, yeah, I'll just
put all of this like in a screenshot or
something.
XRP. We already looked at
um
Suie. That's that's a good one. Let's
have a look at Suie. What a You know, it
was just terrible what happened to Suie
as well.
Um
again, directly into our major major
zones down here that we thought that are
never going to be u touched again. But
here we are. We tapped into it and uh we
rejected. So
Suei is um
Suei is here, right? I mean my my main
zone for SUI was around 2.82.
Uh we traded a little bit above bullish
engulfing just like everything else uh
you know on Sunday, but it's still not
confirmed you guys. Uh if you want to be
super super safe, you want to be looking
at this coin closing above 3.5.
Uh right, so body close on the daily
3.5. Before that, you're just risking
too much. And if you're trying to catch
the bottom, um it's it's simply hard.
It's simply hard.
I mean, you can try.
You can try. As you can see, you know,
the 50% of the wick kind of matches with
the 0.236.
So I will be having this area here um
you know as an important area in case in
case of another flush and before that
you're just going week by week where
you're going with ETH BTC um to check
how the market is doing in terms of outs
um yeah you have to thread very very
carefully.
All right, great insights. Yes, thank
you.
Value value area low is quite narrow.
What are the chances of my candle
pushing into that tight a box? Uh not
sure what you mean um by by tighten of a
box. Need at least two green um on the
five. Yeah, you do need you do need a
little bit of a bullish uh pressure over
here. Otherwise, it just uh you're
really risking at the moment in my
opinion. Uh which I'm doing um and I've
been happy to do uh from for Ethereum
over here. But again, um very low
leverage, not overexposed with the idea
of um you know, accumulating over here
as well. So,
right, we can look at total three. Um
total three again tried to maintain some
sort of uh levels as you can see here.
If you if you're not seeing it very
clear, we're going to mark it. Um try to
maintain levels of all the totals
actually maintained levels. So it's it's
good to see to an extent. But again, I'm
looking at these two levels. Um 993.72
951.79
um and in the worst case scenario
742.91.
All right. Uh you guys, I registered on
Tabbit, but no bonus. It's not
immediate, right? I'm sure that they
have a specific day of the week that
they um um they give the bonuses. Most
exchanges do around Friday, so I'd
probably wait until Friday.
Classic return to the normal sentiment.
Get out now, Victor.
Yeah, mate. I know a lot of people are
super scared right now and I understand
you guys. But honestly, I do believe
that this bull run is about to unleash
itself itself probably into um next week
onward. But I am expecting don't forget
we have the raid cuts. We're almost at
around like close to 100% chance of the
raid cuts as well. Um oh yeah, let's
look at towel because someone mentioned
that it was rallying earlier.
Yeah, not bad. Oh, look at that. Very
nice into our zone.
Very, very lovely recovery. In terms of
bodies as well, the wicks are
unforgiving. The wicks are super
unforgiving, you guys. What can I tell
you? Um,
but yeah, we still have unclear
liquidity um on tow at uh 4615. So, I'll
be expecting for that.
I'll be expecting for that.
Uh yeah, which out according to you are
going to do well? Uh so the thing is
right I said to you guys and I keep
saying to you right so the thing the
thing that I've been saying is that um
you know I'm not expecting for all to
perform like they used to back in 2022
or 2017 whatever 2018
um definitely not uh for this year. The
reason is because of what we what we're
seeing right now. So, I'll be focusing
on more on the ETF altcoins. And I think
I made a video on u the Coin Bureau
trading channel specifically about ETFs
and which coins um I'm going to focus
on. But do your research. Go ahead and
check which altcoins are applying for
ETFs and which coins have documents for
ETFs. I don't know, such as Dodge, for
example. And then I'd be focusing more
on on these kinds,
you know.
Yes, a quick like goes a long way. You
guys, make sure to like this video. Make
sure to check the tab bit uh for the
extra bonus of $100 just by registering.
Pretty cool. Make sure to follow my main
YouTube channel and make sure to come on
the live streams, right? And again, I'm
going live every day on my um on my
channel and here I'm doing it twice a
week. So, don't miss out when I'm here
you guys. All right. And uh hope you're
doing well. anything else, you can
always come on the Coin Bureau Discord
channel. Lots of trading alpha happening
over there. And I will see you guys in
the next one.