We've made a number of videos talking
about how the trail hip needs to go back
as much as the lead hip goes forward in
the back swing. That's going to help a
lot of you with early thrusting, also
seen as early extension. Now, what we've
seen since making those videos is a lot
of golfers will just kind of pop that
hip back, which kind of drives the upper
body forward andor forward and left.
Okay? We don't want to do that. Knowing
that, we've come up with a better way
that's had seen a lot of success with
golfers just thinking about moving their
upper body correctly to control the
pelvis. And I think a lot of us have
more awareness with what the shoulders
and arms are doing than we do with the
pelvis. It moves a lot more than the
pelvis. So, we're going to show you some
tour data using Shawn as our demo here
of what actually happens with regards to
the shoulder. So Sean, if you'll set up
using this as our down the line camera,
what we see with the best players in the
world is the trail shoulder goes up and
back more than the lead shoulder goes
down and forward. Okay? A lot of golfers
think it's a one one. It's not even
close. Then you can do this on your own
swing. Film yourself from a good camera
angle down the line and then just draw a
vertical line off the front of your
shoulder. Okay, Sean's going to go back
and you're going to see much more of him
behind that line than came out in front
of that line. Now, to do that properly,
the pelvis has got to allow got to move
and allow that to happen.
>> Exactly. It's if you keep this shoulder
on a little bit of a tighter arc instead
of swinging it kind of out over the
ball, you're forced to move this hip and
trail shoulder in a way that like Mike
say gets more mass behind that initial
shoulder line and it gets you into this
hip a whole lot better than swinging
left shoulder out and around and the
lead hip out and around which pulls you
off the line. It's it's a once you do it
a few times, it's a totally different
windup feeling and I I use it in my own
swing. It's helped me a ton. So, a
couple moves that we see golfers trying
to do that ruins this form in their
swing is left knee down and forward. You
can see how that pulls everything out
past that line. We see a lot of hands
in, club out, doing the same thing or
just a general awareness of trying to
make a bigger turn and getting
everything moving too far out, not
enough back and behind
>> or just locking the trail leg and shove
and making this Pac-Man angle that we've
been talking about for years. All those
will get this moving in the wrong
direction.
>> It gets the torso mass too tipped out
over towards the wall.
>> It's a very easy concept to understand,
right? Trail shoulder's got to go back
and up more than lead shoulder goes down
and around. Now, to feel that, film
yourself swing. We've got our swing
coach app set up here from down the
line. And we've got it set on hip depth
at the top of the swing. So, again, you
should see some increased hip depth at
the top of the swing and shoulder plane.
So, we don't want to just stand up and
move everything back. That's not what
we're trying to do. We're trying to turn
in the proper ratios. So, I'm going to
get out of the way. Let Sean chip a few
here. And he's going to really focus on
turning behind that. And now, for me,
when I do this, sit up to it, Sean.
>> Yeah.
>> Well, I'm sorry. We'll go back down the
line here again.
>> I feel, again, this is feel, not real. I
feel like there's a a fence right in
front of me and I'm turning behind this
fence with very little of my body
touching it com compared to, you know,
letting everything drift too far out
here in front of me.
>> I can feel that,
>> right? You feel the difference. Yeah.
>> And then the topheavy guy is going to
Well, you got to counter that, right? If
I lean like that a lot, I have to go the
other way to hit it.
>> That's exactly right. So, let me get out
of the way so Okay, swing coach can get
you set up. And we're just going to take
a I'll get back here so you can hear the
feedback. We're just going to make a
swing to see where we are.
>> Right. I'm I'm going to kind of go the
the old way, the way I used to do it
even, which got me early extending. So
that way you can see both sides of the
coin.
>> So here we go.
>> Okay.
>> Hips at top, forward by two.
>> Hips forward by two at the top.
Shoulders were in the window.
>> Okay.
>> Okay. So, we've got to make sure we keep
now that left shoulder back enough to
where the right can go up and back.
>> Yeah. So, so normally, you know, I would
be decent with the shoulders, but with
the way I would swing my hips around
this, Mike would look at me and I'd have
too much mass out over that line. So,
this time I'm going to try to make a
different my mind. I'm thinking about
the gears dots on the old suit, right?
>> And I'm curving that dot. You know, to
think about the trajectory of the the
way the the body moves can be helpful.
So, I'm just thinking about making a
tighter circle here and letting this
circle wind back. And when I do it, I
feel a totally different sense in my
hips. So, I'm going to do that once and
see if I can do it the way I want to.
And my swing takes on a little different
look.
>> Top back by one,
>> which I like.
>> Shoulder the pivot feels a lot better.
Okay. So, you actually got your hip back
by one there,
>> which is unusual for me.
>> So, that we we changed it by three.
>> Yeah, that that's unusual for me. And
that's a good feeling for me. I feel
like a tighter pivot and I feel like I
can unwind the sequence better from
there. Like I can start with my hips
with a little more speed.
>> So, and this is this is what we're
seeing in lessons. Now, when we do this,
by just controlling how the arc that
this shoulder makes, you're by nature
going to control the arc the pelvis
makes. And you're not going to see early
extension when you do that. You're not
going to see early thrust when you do
that. So, it's a great way to kind of
kill two birds with one stone and really
improve the pivot.
>> And you you talked you touched on
something. I just want to make one more
point. You know, controlling the upper
body. A lot of times we'll control the
lower body, especially if you're taking
this shoulder to the left. Those of you
that sway, it's the same idea, right? If
this goes down, this kicks over. If I
can move this a little more across, this
can stay behind a little more. So, don't
discount what your upper body is doing
to control help control the movements of
the lower body.
>> Film yourself first. Make sure this is
not an issue in your swing cuz you don't
need to try to fix something that's not
a problem. But if you've tried to
control your pelvis going back and it
hasn't been working, give this a try.
You know, we all kind of hear things and
apply things differently. Same way to
accomplish the same goal.