What's up, guys? It's Dan from Coin
Bureau Trading. Today, we're going to
talk about the record level of
liquidations the crypto market has seen
over the last 24 hours. As you guys have
probably noticed, uh these liquidations
are totaling roughly 20 billion.
Everyone is wondering what's going on,
which is why I'm kind of doing this
emergency video. Uh apologies for the
lack of editing and everything. Uh doing
my best to get this out to you guys as
quickly as I can. Uh basically, as you
guys can see, there's been close to 17
billion of long liquidations. Of course,
when all is said and done, it's probably
going to be way more. As most of you
guys will know, long liquidations are
basically where traders were betting
that prices would go up. And when prices
go down, they're basically forced to
sell their position, which basically
results in this kind of like automated
selling pressure. And then what happens
there is that you basically have force
selling from long liquidations, which
causes more longs to be liquidated,
which causes panic selling, which causes
more longs to be liquidated, and so on.
Uh the thing that's really shocking of
course about this long liquidation is
that if you guys look at smaller
altcoins like Sooie or like Aptos or Ton
or like all these other ones, right? Not
necessarily smaller ones, but you get
what I'm saying. Like altcoins outside
of any crypto outside of like Bitcoin,
uh Ethereum and I think Salana, almost
everything else had this massive, you
could call it like a scam wick down
where everyone who was going long on
anything outside of Bitcoin, Ethereum,
and Salana basically has gotten wrecked
in the last 24 hours. Uh, and I do feel
for everyone who was, you know, in that
position. I know a lot of people are
hurting right now and, uh, you know,
everyone's trying to figure out what's
going on. So, I'm going to give you guys
my best take with the information that I
have right now. Um, so, of course, the
catalyst that kind of caused the
liquidations um was basically the news
that uh that Trump would be imposing
100% tariffs on on China. Uh, that's
expected to start on November 1st, but I
think Trump said something like, "Oh, it
could come a little bit sooner." But the
thing is, guys, that yes, that was the
catalyst. Like, that was the thing that
triggered liquidations. But in case you
guys haven't noticed, there seems to be
seems to have been something systemic
behind the scenes like in the actual
crypto market exchange architecture. So
much so that you have key players like
the Crypto.com CEO or Chris Marzlec
basically calling for an investigation.
Uh if you guys follow any other top
traders like whether it's like Bob Lucas
or like any of these guys, uh they're
all basically shocked or even like
crypto OGs like Kobe, all these guys are
completely shocked and they're saying
like this is the biggest liquidation
I've ever seen. Some people are calling
for like police investigations and a
whole bunch of stuff regarding what
specifically happened behind the scenes.
Again, that's still kind of being sorted
out. I think Arthur Hayes had the best
take here. Should probably give him a
follow here on the Coin Bureau Trading
X. So, I'll just read out to you guys.
So, from Arthur Hayes, word on the
street is that big sex's auto
liquidation of collateral tied to cross
margin position is why lots of alts got
smoked on the move down. Congrats to all
you stinky biders. We won't be seeing
those levels anytime soon on many high
quality alts. basically saying that uh
prices are probably not going to have
another scam wick like that for a while.
But just to translate that into plain
English for you guys. So, as some of you
will know, like basically when it comes
to leverage trading, there's kind of two
ways you can do it. You like typically
the classical way you could say is you
deposit USDT and then that's kind of
like your collateral, right? And let's
say you deposit $100 USDT, you're going
10x long on Bitcoin, hypothetically,
Bitcoin falls by 10%. Uh then your uh
your $100 of USDT basically gets
liquidated. So that basically gets sold
off, you could say. So that's like the
classical let's say like leverage
trading. What you what larger players
tend to do and like more advanced
traders tend to do is they will do
something called cross margin which is
basically where again hypothetically of
the same scenario $100 going 10x long on
Bitcoin Bitcoin falls 10%. But instead
of liquidating your uh your hundred your
100 USDT it basically looks at what else
is in your crypto exchange account and
it starts selling that if that makes any
sense. So what what Arthur is basically
saying here what could have happened is
that there was probably some large
either large trader or market maker or
whoever uh who basically was for example
long Bitcoin or long Ethereum and they
had this cross margin thing enabled and
what basically happened is that Bitcoin
dropped like more than they expected and
then in in some large account and it
could be multiple accounts again no one
really knows what's going on there but
what basically happened is that someone
was either long Bitcoin or long Ethereum
or long Salana there was this
liquidation and basically they had they
had cross margin enabled so what did is
it basically liquidated everything else
in their account like all these other
altcoins like Sooie and whatever else
they were they were holding liquidated
all all of that other stuff to basically
make sure that their main positions
their larger positions Bitcoin Ethereum
or Salana or one of those um basically
stayed intact and that's basically why
uh you see that like Bitcoin and
Ethereum and Salana they didn't drop as
much uh as as these other altcoins. is
kind of like basically these other
altcoins were liquidated by someone to
protect their large position uh their
large long position in Bitcoin, Ethereum
or Salana. Again, the details are still
coming out. This is just based on the
information that I have. I do hope that
makes sense to you guys, but of course,
I'm sure by this point you're wondering,
okay, like that's all, you know, I don't
really necessarily care why it happened.
Uh and uh it's one thing to keep in
mind, guys, though, like just to put
things into perspective, this
liquidation event, I think it's like the
magnitude is like something like seven
to 10 times larger than any liquidation
event we've ever seen in crypto's
history. So, anyone who's saying like,
oh, like how come you didn't see this
was happening? It's like the only person
who actually saw this coming
potentially, you could argue was this
ilk capo of crypto, this trader who's
been a bear for a very long time. And he
was basically calling for this type of
like scamwick move that we saw on many
altcoins. He was calling for exactly
that to happen for a few months.
Everyone was laughing at him and uh I
guess he's the one who's laughing now.
But again, that brings us to the charts.
So, looking at Bitcoin on the daily,
again, I'll address this whole thing
around the uh you know, the Bitcoin mini
cycle. we'll talk about on we'll talk
about that on Monday. All I want to
highlight for the purpose of today's
video guys uh is the fact that we're
basically seeing a repeat of what we've
seen uh basically since you could say
since the since February where you guys
can see that since February we've seen
Bitcoin repeatedly have this type of
pattern where it's like you know almost
like um I can't remember what this what
the technical term it is off the top of
my head but I mean you can you guys can
kind of see like based on the chart that
you almost have like this like you know
resistance line on the top and then you
have this like downward sloping support
line. Uh, and this is the structure that
we've seen basically ever since uh,
crypto started climbing out of those
lows uh, in the spring. Uh, and you can
see that what we basically saw here, as
crazy as it sounds, is we basically just
saw a retest of this lower trend line
here, which is absolutely mad, right?
Um, you know, it's anyone who like I
think even at some point I probably had
that line drawn and I like didn't even
extend it all the way that far because I
was like, there's no way that we're
going to see something like that. And of
course that's that's exactly what we saw
which again it's completely
unprecedented and there's probably only
a handful of people who are anticipating
something like this. Anyone who was
betting like to basically predict this
you would have had to been betting on
like some tail event that's going to
cause not only and again all this stuff
around tariffs like people forget this
guys like all this stuff around tariffs
and like Trump and China this is all
stuff that was known this is a catalyst
like yes of course that would have
caused in a normal circumstance that
would have caused a pullback. there was
something behind the scenes, some kind
of systemic failure. Again, probably
related to this cross margin uh that
Arthur Hayes is talking about where
someone was long Bitcoin or long
Ethereum or long Salana and they had
their basically portfolio set up so that
if those long positions start going
underwater, instead of liquidating the
position, it will start selling off
everything else to maintain that
position. Uh and that's, you know,
pretty scary and we're going to have to
wait and see, you know, who the which
dead body it is. Like people are talking
a lot about that, you know, there's
going to be a dead body floating to the
surface. But, uh there's a few silver
linings here, though, guys. is the first
thing is that Bitcoin objectively
speaking is still in a long-term
uptrend. And I do want to remind you
guys, you know, remember what happened
back in I guess late September, like a
couple of weeks ago when Bitcoin fell to
108,000. Everyone thought it was it was
over and then lo and behold, those were
the lows and then we literally rallied
to all-time highs like literally within
a week later. Uh so the idea that we're
going to see something like that again,
I think is pretty high uh or like the
chances of that is pretty high,
especially when again slapping on the
bull, sorry, slapping on the RSI, guys.
You can see the RSI again into oversold
territory. Every single time Bitcoin
gets this oversold, it tends to bounce
back. And I think even if we look on the
4 hour, like look at this, guys. Like
this is this RSI, it's the most oversold
what since uh since June, even more so
than June. I think it's the most
oversold since the April lows. Okay, so
there will be a bounce from these
levels. And I'm sure that you guys are
sick of hearing me saying like, oh,
there's going to be a bounce. But from a
technical perspective, there will be a
bounce from these levels. Does that mean
that, you know, Bitcoin could is isn't
going to go lower? Of course, it could
go lower in the short term, but there
will be a bounce. And remember, last
time there was a bounce like this back
in late September, Bitcoin very quickly
within a week rallied back up to new
all-time highs. So, just just keep that
in mind, guys. Like, I do think that's a
there's a potential scenario that's on
the table here because they've this was
whether it was an intentional or not.
All the longs of like basically
everything outside of Bitcoin, Ethereum,
and even then like Bitcoin, Ethereum,
Salana, a lot of longs got liquidated
there. Basically, everyone has gotten
wrecked. Okay. So, all the longs are out
of the market completely. And I'm and
again like there's people that are
waking up and probably still like even
thinking like what am I even going to
post? Should I just go for a walk?
Right? Like people are waking up around
the world seeing what's going on
panicking a little bit. It's going to be
a volatile probably couple of days
especially over the weekend. Liquidity
tends to be low. So you know it's not
going to be it's not necessarily going
to you're not necessarily going to see
like some kind of epic recovery in the
next 48 hours here. It's probably going
to take a little bit of time. But uh
with that being said again things are
massively oversold in the short term.
Every like there will be a bounce of
some kind. Does that mean there's not
going to be continuation lower? know
there could be a continuation lower, but
the fact is we're going to have to take
things one step at a time. Play things
by ear. That's a perfect segue, guys,
here into Bitcoin dominance. Uh, of
course, that's something I've been
watching and many people have been
watching. And as you guys can see,
Bitcoin dominance saw a huge kind of
wick to the upside here on the weekly.
And again, is it possible that Bitcoin
dominance could go a little bit higher?
Sure. But from a technical perspective,
I would say that Bitcoin dominance has
already retested this uh this kind of
Ballinger band moving average on the
weekly. I've seen a lot of really great
analysis of people arguing, look, you
know, we saw that wash out. We saw that
wick up in Bitcoin dominance and now
Bitcoin dominance can can continue
heading lower. And I believe again like
same idea if we were to throw on the the
RSI. I don't even have to throw it on. I
already know it's probably going to be
super overbought here. Like yeah. So
it's it's back to the super overbought
level which historically speaking once
it's in that overbought territory it
tends to start falling again. And this
is on the daily now. You know I bet it's
even more extreme on the 4 hour. Uh just
one second guys here. You know that that
classical sticky mouse. So like look at
that. every single time RSI gets into
the oversold uh sorry overbought in the
4 hour it's the the Bitcoin dominance
starts to roll down again which of
course is beneficial for altcoins but
again that doesn't mean that Bitcoin
dominance is going to go down today or
tomorrow of course there could be
another couple of days higher but I
strongly believe that by the end of the
month Bitcoin dominance is going to be
going down everything is going to be
rallying again I truly believe that as
crazy as it sounds because again these
these liquidation events guys and
everyone forgets this these liquidation
events tend to be fairly short-lived and
once they're over the recovery tends to
be quick and we don't have to go very
far back in time to see that. Remember
guys, late September, that's exactly
what we saw. A couple I think there was
like two or three days of like uh
multiple billion liquidations uh in that
week of uh the late the last week of
September, right? And again, literally
within like a week's time or or roughly
10 days time, Bitcoin is back to new
all-time highs. So, just keep that in
mind. It's me saying that something like
that could happen again is not
unprecedented. It literally happened
like two weeks ago. Um so, anyways,
going now guys to Ethereum on the
weekly. So, this is where things of
course also get, you know, there's
there's there's some good news and
there's some bad news. So the kind of
good news is that Ethereum is still
holding the Ballinger band moving
average on the weekly. To me that is the
most important level and actually I
believe if I'm not mistaken just out of
curiosity. I'll actually throw on the
Ballingers here and we'll look on the
weekly because I believe that uh Bitcoin
also uh yeah so Bitcoin is now kind of
like you know retesting the Ballinger
band moving average on the weekly.
Ideally Bitcoin will close the week
somewhere in the 134,000 range. Ideally
it would close the week in like 19,000
but you know let's be realistic here. uh
closing somewhere in like six 15 16,000
that would be fine that would still
foreshadow that next week would be
bullish uh for Bitcoin and similar idea
with Ethereum. It would be nice if
Ethereum could close somewhere, you
know, like just above 4,000. Uh that
would kind of make this uh this week's
candle kind of like neutral basically
and like a continuation of this slow
kind of grinding out like bull flag
pattern which I do think is going to
play out and I do think that by the end
of the month Ethereum is going to be up
you know whatever it is back up to 5,000
5 a half thousand. Uh I do think that's
possible. Again, is that guaranteed?
Obviously not. But again guys, going as
I was mentioning earlier on, it's like
that huge liquidation that we saw in
late September. How quickly Bitcoin and
altcoins and everything rallied out of
that liquidation that was literally just
two weeks ago. We could see the same
thing happen again, especially now that
you know there's probably a lot of
shorts piling on, a lot of people
thinking it's it's over. Uh and u and
all the longs have been completely
liquidated. Like literally everything
outside of Bitcoin, Ethereum, Salana has
just been completely washed, which
paradoxically some would say like that
potentially gives like more advantage to
smaller altcoins. But anyways, so the
good news again here is that Ethereum is
is still holding on. Like things are
looking technically speaking, they're
looking pretty okay. Uh but uh I mean
we'll have to see how that weekly close
ends. But of course the bad news is guys
that you know if there is if this
structure continues breaking here. Um
it's not going to be good, you know,
that's that's the fact of the matter.
Like the the bad news is that Ethereum
like got hit pretty hard. it was more
resilient than all the other altcoins,
you know, that took a huge hit. But, you
know, I guess again good news that
Ethereum could still close uh on the
weekly like in a kind of bullish
territory. The bad news is that, you
know, the chances of that by no means
guaranteed and it needs to literally
happen in the next whatever it is 40 48
hours roughly speaking. Um uh anyways
guys, and then last uh last but not
least, I do need to mention one thing
that I find very fascinating, something
that's definitely slipping through the
cracks for everyone, uh is if you look
at ETHBTC on the weekly, you can see
that it also retested the Ballinger band
moving average on the weekly. And it
reminds me exactly of basically like a
like a you could say like an inverse of
what we saw in uh in late uh in late
2024 where I do think that from this
level, you're going to see ETHBTC
continuing to climb higher. And then if
we zoom out to the monthly, I do think
that this pattern that we're seeing here
is going to turn on into a bull flag on
the monthly for ETHBTC. And by the end
of this month, Ethereum is going to be
rallying a lot. That is my personal
opinion. Feel free to disagree in the
comments. I know it sounds crazy with
all the liquidations and everything
going on. Bitcoin literally going down
as I film this video. Uh but again, the
fact of the matter is that everything is
massively oversold, long overdue for a
bounce. Whether that bounce turns into a
recovery, that's something we're going
to have to play by ear objectively
speaking. Um, but of course my bias is,
as you guys know, like I've been bullish
for months and I'm going to continue
being bullish because it's very simple,
guys. Zoom out to Bitcoin on the
long-term time frame here. Maybe I'll
remove all these uh indicators here so
you can get a a clearer picture, but
literally like just zoom out to Bitcoin
on the long-term time frame. Does
anything here look bearish to you? Like
I I don't see anything bearish here
really in this chart. I mean, of course,
depends on how the weekly closes, but
maybe let's zoom out even more. Go to
the monthly. Like there's there's
nothing bearish about this. And in every
single cycle, guys, Bitcoin leads and
altcoins eventually follow. It's that
simple. It's literally that simple.
Bitcoin leads, altcoins eventually
follow. That's the simple thesis that
I'm working off of. I think that
everyone would agree with that. And uh
you know, when those altcoins are going
to rally, how high they're going to go,
that's definitely all up for debate. I'm
not denying that. I do have my own
opinions there. But I would say that
objectively speaking, every single cycle
we've seen so far, Bitcoin leads,
altcoins eventually follow. When will it
happen? How high how how high will those
altcoins go? What will what will the
exact level be for Bitcoin dominance in
these short-term moves? That's something
that's at the end of the day anyone's
guess. But what is, you know, not
necessarily guaranteed, but what history
suggests is going to happen here is that
altcoins will eventually catch up with
this type of move. And people forget
just how quickly that move can happen.
Uh, so a little bit of hope for you guys
there. But again, if you don't if you
don't believe my analysis on any of this
stuff, uh especially when it comes to
how quickly Bitcoin could recover, then
do check out this recent headline here
from um from Cointelegraph where they
basically interviewed a guy and he was
saying, "Yeah, like in seven days, we
could see Bitcoin rally and like recover
by like 21% uh based on like, you know,
historical patterns like we've seen
after these liquidations uh you know,
where uh where Bitcoin again just like
at the end of September within a week or
two roughly, Bitcoin is way is back at
new all-time highs right when everyone
was saying that everything is over. I
think we're seeing a more extreme
version of that right now. Uh and uh and
yeah, guys, like you know, it's really
tough. I I I can I can ad I can
acknowledge especially anyone who was
long basically anyone who was long here
just got completely wrecked and I feel
for you guys. And again, like I can't I
can't give any like financial advice or
anything like that. But if I was, you
know, one of these like, you know,
day-to-day traders, which as you guys
can probably tell, I'm not like a day
trader per se. I'm more like a swing
trader. like I I have like a long
position on Ethereum and a long position
on a few other things, but it's it's
it's nothing that is like, you know, at
risk of some massive tail event like
this. Um, so if anyone is in that
position, one thing, the only thing I
can say there is it looks like there's
going to be a bounce here in the short
term. Uh, I don't know if that's
something worth playing and and if you
guys think so, then definitely check out
the link in the description. You know,
we do have some exchange deals there.
There might help take the edge off on
some of those losses. Um, but uh, but
anyways guys, yeah, if you did make it
this far and you did find that
information helpful, u, then be sure to
smash that like button, subscribe to the
channel, ping that notification bell,
and I'll see you in the next one.