So lads, it's that time of the year
again where um Caitlyn Clark is now
scheduled to play some golf or it's the
golf tour again. So Caitlyn Clark is
returning to the Anakah uh to
participate in the LPGA's ProAm November
the 12th. And a lot of people are like,
"Oh, but like what about the groin
injury, man? The groin injury is fine."
Like the groin injury was not why she
was out during the season. It was that
um ankle injury and a bone bruise. You
can kind of or whatever the hell it was.
You can probably play golf. She can
probably play golf. We've seen the way
she's moving. She can probably hit a
golf ball. But um needs to be working on
her three-point percentage, man. She was
injured. Like it's it's kind of as
simple as that. Like Caitlyn Clark
literally was playing on one leg from
day one. Like she literally she got
injured in preeason.
She was injured the day like she got
injured when they went 5v5 within she
did not stay healthy for four con for
like six consecutive days last season
she got hurt in preseason came back
played hurt got hurt while playing
clearly playing hurt like she was
running in slow motion last year so I'm
not going to she work on the three-point
percentage hope doesn't hit anybody this
time sure there'll be a good turnout
like last year needs playing basketball
somewhere not in a gym staring of Steph
dribbling a ball starting to think she
isn't interested in basketball anymore.
It's like she it's one day of golf. It's
one day of golf and she's injured and
she not that she's injured but like she
can't go 5v5. So I don't know what you
really expect her to do. She's been reh
she's been rehabbing for three months
since like the 12th of July. She's been
re three months of rehabbing. But um
Caitlyn statement on her return I had an
amazing time last year at Danica last
November participating in the prom
alongside Nelly Gorda and Anakah
Sorenom. Two of the best in the game.
Clark in a statement. I'm honored to be
an ambassador for a company in Gambridge
that's so committed to elevated women's
sports. I can't wait to return to Tampa
in November to play in the proam with
the best women's golfers in the world
hosted by the LPGA. Diana and L the LG
LPGA's tours um final full field regular
season Nove
3.25 million purse. It was an honor to
play in the pro with Caitlyn last year.
Crowds are amazing. We're excited for
her to return to the Anaka in November.
Sorenson said in a or Senom said in a
statement, "She has such a great dynamic
to our event and her passion for golf
and competitiveness are fun to witness
firsthand. Look forward to having her
back, continuing to introduce the great
game of golf to the next generation."
Um,
I don't think there's going to be the
same fanfare as last year because the
the whole like Caitlyn Clark does random
and 25,000 people are interested in
it, that era is gone. And you could say
probably for good or probably for the
good. Probably for the good of things
like that era is gone. The Caitlyn
Caitlyn Breeds uh 200,000 people are
just there are there to watch it.
Like I stand by this. A year ago,
Caitlyn Clark could have literally um
went on to ESPN schedule a workout and
it would have more views than the um
than most than any non Caitlyn Clark
WNBA game. Like we saw the finals this
year um drop in viewership pretty big.
Like every game was less views than the
previous one and that's not ideal. Like
not even people weren't even watching
the closeout game of the sweep. It was
just game one was watched a lot and then
after that it was like nothing which is
a bit of a shock to see like the the
massive drop between game one and two.
at the finals last year um got more
viewers every single game and then
obviously peaked in five. This year's
had a load in game one and then tanked
after game one which is really really
weird. But um obviously yeah Kaitlyn
Clark is now here and this is just a
random tweet that I was looking at. Um
and Caitlyn Clark is here and she is
playing in the golf tournament.
She's playing the golf tournament again.
Like it's cool. She's doing golf and
Angel Reese's doing the VS fashion show.
Live your life. Oh, finally, you know,
somebody, you know, help them both. I
was about to say I was like the people
clinging Kaitlin Clark could be
celebrating Angel Reese doing a fashion
show. At the end of the day, dude, it's
it's October.
Like, I mean this when I say this, the
season starts in May. What a player does
in October is irrelevant.
Like as long as she's not out there
letting herself get out of shape and not
stretching and sitting on her ass
watching TV all day and
and ordering takeout, she literally
could do sit on her ass for 2 months and
it would make no difference coming in
the next season. If she sat on her ass
doing nothing, she's not going to. You
don't get to the spot Caitlin's in by
sitting on your ass, but she could sit
on her ass for two months and it would
have no impact whatsoever on her next
season because an eight month she's got
eight months off. Realistically,
rehab take it handy till like apparently
she really attacked rehab. So
realistically, you should take it handy
till December.
Build it up in December. use January and
February to get a little bit of um
get a bit of reps in. Get a bit of reps
in, 5v5 reps before um you then go to um
March with Team USA and then take it
handy between Team USA and the start of
WNBA season. Like it's too long an
offseason to attack it.
And that's one of the problem what one
of the problems with Kaitlyn Clark as
I've said it is like she underestimate
she underestimated last year's offseason
as in she attacked it. She attacked it.
She tried to put on all the bulk that
she was needing to put on in one summer.
She tried to work on a lot of stuff in
one summer and in the end she just got
slower. Like she just got slower. That's
basically it. Like she did get stronger.
We saw that
she became an infinitely better
defender, but she just got slower. Like
it it is what it is and we've got this
off seasonason to work on that.
Um both my face is playing golf CC and
Steph golf for Caitlyn's back. Best news
you've heard today. You know, you know,
looks like junior to golf for the second
time. What is even basketball? All I
know is golf. Like the craziest thing is
that we're probably going to in the last
12 months we've watched Caitlyn play
more healthy golf than healthy healthy
basketball. That's actually concerning
because I still I stand by I don't
believe Caitlyn played one health one
second of healthy basketball this
season. Um I don't think she was healthy
at all. I think even when she came back
for that Liberty game, you could see the
second game she came back for against
the Sun where she was still playing
well, her whole leg was strapped up. her
leg was strapped up and then she had
that like threeame streak where she was
tripping over her own feet like she was
not she was got hurt against the sun. Um
she played that game hurt. I don't think
she's been 100% healthy. I think she
played most of the season at 75% at best
and then there was games where she
legitimately played on one leg. So um
yeah that's pretty much it l that is
Caitlyn's golf. The Caitlyn golf era is
continuing right now just like we saw it
last year for quite a long time. Let me
know. Do you guys think she should just
be focusing on basketball? Look, I
if this was in February, sure.
Sure. You can start to say, oh, you
know, should be focusing on basketball.
It is October. The season does not start
until April,
which is training camp. The real season
does not start until May. She does not
have to do anything till May
and we don't even know if the season
will start in May because of lockout or
if there even is going to be a season.
So yeah, that is uh that is pretty much
it. That's the video. Thank you guys for
watching. Please like, comment, and
subscribe.