In this video, I'm going to convince you
that digital IDs are a terrible idea. I
believe that if Australia brings them
into law, it will be the turning point
that takes our country down a path that
it can never come back from. The UK is
under the grips of this right now. Their
government's trying to sell it to them
and the people aren't having it. Digital
IDs are the next step in a world without
freedom of programmable obedience. We
are currently following their plan. A
trajectory that should absolutely scare
the [ __ ] out of you. It is all about
control. It is all about big brother
watching you. And it all begins with
digital IDs. I mean, maybe maybe or
nothing happens, but it's the ability to
do these things that may stem from these
decisions. In the UK right now, 12,000
people last year were arrested for
social media posts. Opinions are
controlled, freedom of speech
non-existent. And that's exactly what is
happening in Australia right now. Fast
forward a few years, we will be seeing
exactly the same thing, I think. And
then somewhere down the line, one world
governments, Orwellian states, no
freedom, central banking, nothing being
owned privately. All these ridiculous
conspiracy theories that were once held
by cooks and now mainstream
possibilities.
That's scary. To understand why I think
that a digital ID is a bad ID, you must
first understand as much as you can
about something called a social credit
score. I'm sure you've heard that phrase
before, but what is it? Let's go to
China and find out. In China, the
government began developing a national
social credit system in the 2010s. Now
its goal was to build trust in society
by tracking its citizens and companies
behavior using data from banks, courts,
police and they have this enormous uh
constant monitoring service with facial
recognition. They are following with
millions of cameras every single person
as they move throughout their day. These
people get scores put against them
higher or lower. Some people get
blacklisted based on the things that
they do. Some people achieve really high
scores. Some people get very low scores.
People who are untrustworthy if they
break the law or they show dissent
towards the government get very low
scores. Low scores mean consequences.
consequences like not being able to
travel, having to pay more for gas or
petrol, not being able to use certain
internet sites, getting slower internet,
having to pay more for food, only
getting access to certain types of
foods. Some of them can't get loans,
they can't get access to credit, they
can't get certain jobs. They are being
controlled in what they do because of
things they have done. Now, some of
those things may seem like, okay, yeah,
sure, some people shouldn't be able to
do certain things, but the disscent
against the government, that's not a
good thing. If you disagree, if you're a
sovereign citizen, if you disagree with
the whole idea of democracy, should you
have to pay more for milk than me? Of
course not. Should you not be able to
get a car? Of course not. Should you not
be able to live a normal life just
because of your beliefs? Of course not.
You get credits when you're good, when
you follow the rules. and you praise the
government and you get punished when you
don't. They have created a system of
mass surveillance that causes
mind control. I know it sounds
ridiculous but it is thought control,
controlling opinions, controlling
conversations. That is what they are
doing. In the west, we do it as well all
the time, but they're doing it through
some different means, a social credit
score. They have created a two-tier
system of life. The top tier being based
on control and compliance, the bottom
tier being the bad people, the ones
questioning things. And think about the
things over the past 10 years or so or
20 years or your entire life that you've
questioned the government over. Imagine
not being able to do that. Imagine being
punished in your real life because of
those things.
A good school brings benefits, but
people with low scores lose rights. The
cinema names and shames people
considered untrustworthy, plastering
their details, even their addresses
across big screens.
So that's fine if they're actual
criminals, but what are they being
blasted for?
It's a matter of principle. Those people
have to be condemned.
Yeah. Okay. It depends why they're being
condemned.
Those people aren't honest, so they have
to pay the price.
It's only right to pay your debts. You
have to blacklist those that don't.
Okay. Okay. So, is this about people not
paying back loans or or or what?
The Supreme Court has created a
blacklist for so-called bad citizens.
Those whose ratings have dropped to
zero.
Wow.
On it are companies, but also 23 million
people to date.
23 million people on the blacklist.
Among them is this journalist Lou. He
got a little too close to uncovering
corruption among high-profile party
members.
Oh. after being sued for defamation by
the subject of a story he'd written he
was blacklisted. He only realized when
he tried to buy a train ticket and was
told he was banned from traveling.
Now put yourself in my shoes making this
video about the Australian government.
What if they could control where I could
go? They wouldn't. But what if they
could? What if they had the ability in
5, 10, 15 years from now to do that?
They could do that. This is another
thing. You may think that it's a great
idea and this government, you love this
government, but what happens if this
government changes hands, which it will
in the future, and if you're a left-wing
person, a faright government comes in.
Or if you're a right-wing person, a
far-left government comes in. You see
what I mean? You don't know who's going
to be in charge of the laws that you
celebrate right now in the future. And
if they are questionable now, they will
be [ __ ] questionable in the future as
well.
That tells me I'm still on the
blacklist. in general
punished because he's been branded
untrustworthy by the state.
So, this is the whole thing with
untrustworthiness. What does that mean?
It can mean a lot of different things.
It can mean you're a criminal and you
rob people. You steal from old grandmas
or you uncover corruption.
Once you're blacklisted, you can no
longer get a bank loan, start a
business, buy an apartment, or even send
your children to a private school. So
this is what happens when you have a
social credit score. So why is the
digital ID the first step towards that?
Why do I think that this could happen
potentially? Not the government now. No,
they're great. But maybe a government in
the future. On top of all of this, there
is the idea of carbon footprints and
individual carbon footprints. Hey, we've
uh seen you at the supermarket three
times this week buying meat. You've had
enough meat this week, mate. No more
meat for you. You can't buy meat because
it's affecting your carbon footprint too
much. You've driven too much this week.
You've caught too many planes this year.
No more for you. Being able to identify
exactly who you are at every single step
throughout your day and then
implementing surveillance and then
implementing control is a great way for
you to lose every single sense of
freedom that you currently have. And if
you don't believe the governments will
do that, then you're a [ __ ] idiot.
And the reason that I think the digital
ID could, and many other people think
this, by the way, this is not an
original thought by me. The reason that
this could be the first step is you have
to have one to access life. That's what
they're doing in the UK. In the UK, for
you to work legally there, you have to
have a digital ID, right? Even though
you have to prove you're a citizen to
work there and people get around that
now and they'll get around this
whatever. In Australia, they're going to
do it in a different way potentially.
Maybe, possibly. Who knows? Pos probably
not. No, they're great people. In
Australia, they're banning social media
use for people under the age of 16, but
you somehow have to then prove that
you're over the age of 16 to use
Facebook, Instagram, whatever, right?
So, how do you do that? Well, you have
to create a digital ID that proves
exactly who you are and then you can be
tracked through everything you do.
Sounds great. And then on top of that,
accessing help through the government,
you have to have a digital ID um for
your car, all these other type of
things. These these will be laid out
into the future. So, everyone will have
to at a certain point have this ID. And
it really doesn't matter what you think
or what I say in this video. The UK had
a petition. 2.5 million people or more
wrote in a petition, signed a petition
for the UK government to consider that
this is not a great idea. And the UK
government's reaction to 2 and a half
million uh of their citizens signing
this if not more. Nah. No thanks. Not
interested. We've made our decision.
Shut the [ __ ] up. All right. Go back to
work, you [ __ ] pieces of [ __ ] Or
words to that effect. I guess I am not
trying to be a conspiracy theorist here.
Okay, maybe it's not going to be as
hectic as 1984, right? It's not going to
be this big brother watching over us
controlling everything we do, but there
is no doubt in my mind that we are
losing freedoms. And I don't want to be
that [ __ ] conspiracy guy, okay? I'd
like to be somewhere in the middle. I
think it's healthy to have some level of
question absolutely everything, but
don't question everything all the
[ __ ] time. It becomes painful. But at
this point, you got to think to
yourself, hm, what the [ __ ] is going on
here? Like right now with the Digital ID
Act, it's it's voluntary, right? But
banks, uh, telecom companies, airlines
may require it in the future. People are
trying to sell this as a convenience.
Like, it's so much easier to to show
your ID to someone or prove who you are
just with this. It's on your phone.
Look, but what happens next? You won't
be able to access Medicare in Australia.
You won't be able to access Centerlink.
You won't be able to access banks, all
that type of [ __ ] potentially, possibly,
allegedly in the future without this.
The government right now probably won't
use it to track you. They probably
won't. But a lot of things can change.
We saw that in the early 2020s. A lot of
[ __ ] things can change. This doesn't
just happen overnight, but it also does.
We sit there and we think, "No, no, this
isn't that. This isn't happening. It's
not that bad." And then one day we wake
up and go, "Fuck, how did this happen?"
Like, it just happened randomly. It
doesn't happen super quickly, but it
appears overnight. It's very, very
strange. Like, it happens in steps.
First, they've released the digital ID
act, and then they start to say, "Well,
you know, you should have it. It's
helpful. It's easy." And then everyone
starts to get, and then, well, you have
to have it to do this, and then, well,
you have to do it uh to get the
internet. Then, you know what? your
digital carbon footprint's a little bit
heavier than other people. Maybe you
should tone it down. And then you know
what? We have another an outbreak of an
illness. You can't leave this area. You
can't do this. You can't travel there.
It's going to It all happens under our
[ __ ] noses. So, we must watch for
warning signs, I guess. Watch the
private sector. When do they start
demanding that we use it? Because when
they adopt it, that means it's
mainstream. When do these scores, the
first time someone starts mentioning
scores, trust scores, all these type of
scores, then you have to [ __ ] freak
out. This isn't about left-wing verse
rightwing, it's us verse them. And I
don't believe that people go into
government to be bad people or control
other people, but it's something about
power. When people get power, they
forget who they are. We need a
revolution in this country. And I don't
mean taking to the streets. We need a
political revolution. We need people who
genuinely care about every single person
that exists on this [ __ ] planet and
come up with a way that we can look
after each other. And that starts with
freedom. That starts with allowing
people to be adults and looking after
themselves, not dictating what they can
and can't do. And I fear and I worry
that this digital ID could be the next
step. probably not the first step, but
the next step in this operation that is
all about control. Let me know what you
think in the comment section down below.
Be a good [ __ ] Peace. The
Middle East be the stinks to Luavo.
Bye-bye.
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]