[Music]
just kind of seeing some mitochondria
facts. So I think you're all aware that
the mitochondria are the powerhouse of
our cells and so they make really
basically all our energy. So 95% of the
energy used by our body. But
unfortunately, when you make energy in
your mitochondria, they're also making
these things called free radicals, which
are these damaging
molecules that occur when you take that
oxygen that is allowing you to make, you
know, the energy, the ATP, and you grab
it from, you know, an oxygen molecule
and stick it onto a water molecule,
which is kind of what you're making
energy from. You're taking oxygen,
turning it into water. um that oxygen
can sometimes just get reactive and
attack other things including your
proteins, your DNA, your you know lipid
membranes. So the sort of membranes
around your cells super bad for you
right so if you damage your DNA for
instance you can imagine that that DNA
is not going to be able to now replicate
a new cell for you and you're not going
to have as much growth and regeneration.
If you damage a protein, that protein
won't work anymore and, you know, your
cells can dysfunction. So, if it's a
skin cell, it's no longer going to make,
you know, the nice kind of structure and
texture your skin should have. So, you
know, you can kind of imagine how this
all works. Um, and so the mitochondria,
because they're making so much of these
free radicals, are actually exposed to
10 times more free radicals than the
rest of the cell. So, it needs even more
protection. But guess what? It's really
actually hard to protect mitochondria
because they're what's called a
privileged area of the cell. So they
have their own kind of membrane around
them and it's really hard to get
anything into that membrane because it's
such a sort of delicate balance in the
way it works. It's kind of protecting
itself. So when people try to take, you
know, lots of supplements or vitamins
and things like that, a lot of it is not
going to get into the mitochondria. So,
you're not going to get all the benefits
of, you know, antioxidants get kit that
can help you with these free radicals. I
think you guys all have heard of
antioxidants before. There's only very,
very few antioxidants that can really
get into the mitochondria. Um, MoQ is
one of them, but I just want you to be
aware of it.
So because the mitochondria keep like
making all these free radicals as
they're making energy at some point
damage starts to occur them and your
actual energy production drops up to 10%
per decade. So this is just how aging
works. I think you guys have all seen
this in action. You know as people are
getting older they just have less
energy. That's because your mitochondria
aren't working well. If you get your
mitochondria as protected as possible,
then you're literally staving off an a
an aging mechanism. So that's I I I
think the main message I want you to
just take home today is that if you can
protect your mitochondria, you can
actually decrease your rate of aging and
keep your energy levels up, you know, to
as as optimal as you can. It's not
perfect, but you know, it's it's
definitely something that is possible
with, as you guys have discussed, you
know, the right kind of like multimodal
healthy lifestyle, but also some
supplements can help as well, too. And I
want to just point out too that, you
know, you will probably notice when you
start to lose energy that you're
noticing it in places like your brain,
your heart, and your muscle because
these are the areas that use the most
energy. So, they wear out first, right?
So, I think we can all sort of attest to
that that a lot of the time our brain
seems to wear out before other things
are when you're having a lot of stress.
Um, same thing with your muscles. And I
don't know if you're all aware, your
heart actually is the thing that usually
wears out first. More people die of
heart disease than anything else.
Okay. So, I just want to give you a
quick analogy because I think this
always helps explain a little bit more
about this free radical thing. So, you
know, imagine your cells are like cool
plants. They're making energy, but
they're also making pollution, which is
that oxidative stress. So, they're just
making all this stuff, you know, like
bad damaging things that gets let out
into the environment and then goes and
attacks everything else nearby the way
that air pollution can kind of attack
all of us um when we're exposed to it.
And what I think is interesting is that
it's such a slow process, right? You
just don't notice what's going on until
it's too late, right? because you know
when people actually start to really
notice the damage it's as I said you
know probably decades later you know you
haven't really seen sort of the damage
occur in your body but it's happening
and next thing you know you're you know
diagnosed with things like diabetes
fatty liver heart disease
um the one thing that I can tell you is
like the best way to keep your
mitochondria healthy and you know
prevent aging
is something called calorie restriction.
Has anyone heard about this before? So,
if you are having, you know, kind of
limited calories every day, and they've
shown this in mice and pretty much every
organism you can think of up to monkeys.
They're still working on showing this
conclusively in humans, but the idea is
if you eat maybe like 6% of the calories
that you normally would, you decrease
your rate of aging and you get to live
longer. So that is what has like been
shown for like decades and decades of
research like yes yes yes this always
works. No one can probably want to like
think about a life where they're
restricted all the time. It's too
depressing. So there's been a lot of
work trying to find what they call
calorie restriction mimedics so they can
mimic calorie restriction. And the
reason why this is so helpful for your
lifespan is that if you can trick your
cells into thinking there's very little,
you know, supply of energy in terms of
like nutrients like calories coming in,
then your energies like your your cells
become more efficient in how they're
using energy, right? They become more
efficient. They're only making the
proteins you really need. They're only
making, you know, extra cells that you
really need. Because if you're making a
ton of extra stuff, then you're actually
producing things that, you know, then
have to get some point cleared away and
then that can cause wear and tear
because you're just accumulating too
much stuff. It's kind of like you can
imagine, you know, when you're in your
house and you've accumulated so much
stuff and it's just gunking up your
house. This is can this can also happen
in your cells as well too. If you have
too much energy, you can just gunk up
your cells with too much stuff. And so
what's interesting about this calorie
restriction thing is that now that they
found a few things that work on that
things like um resveratrol. I don't know
if anyone's ever heard about
resveratrol. They found that they all
seem to work on the same pathways which
are involving mitochondria and also
involving these these I would say
oxidative stress pathways. So if you can
decrease oxidative stress right here
it's I'm calling it reactive oxygen
species. That's just another term for
it. It's basically this this idea of you
know these oxygenated molecules damaging
you. Um you can prolong aging or not
prolong aging prolong life through
decreased aging. Um so Mito is actually
working on those pathways. So that's
what's kind of cool is that it really is
you know I would say an energy maximizer
but also an optimizer.
Um, one other thing I just want to point
out is that mitochondria are the thing
that are making more oxidative stress
than anywhere else in your body. But
there's a lot of oxidative stress coming
from everywhere. And it's just a good
thing to be aware of what can happen
when you have these exposures to what I
call endogenous oxidative stress. So,
you know, mitochondrial disorders,
um, metabolism, which I mean, you know,
kind of being overweight or having like,
you know, really high blood glucose,
like diabetes or like too much
inflammation or immune system going
haywire. Like these all cause oxidative
stress inside you, you know. So,
endogenous factors. And then there's
exogenous, which are things on the
outside of your body that are also
causing oxidative stress, like
radiation, xenobiotics, or just
literally like, you know, bacteria and
things like that. smoking, alcohol
abuse. So just you know minimizing
obviously
oxidative stress from your mitochondria
is good but then you know think of these
other factors as well too.
Um I'm just going to quickly try to talk
about an antioxidant so you guys can
understand like why something like mio
is helpful getting rid of oxidative
stress. And basically the main thing to
remember is that um a reactive oxygen
species is something that has an
unpaired electron. It's got this
electron that is really reactive. You
know, kind of think of it is like, you
know, like an electrical device that is
just kind of like flowing with too much
energy and it's just trying to do
things, you know, like like to find a
way to balance out its energy. That's
what's going on here is that that
unpaired electron is trying to find
another electron to balance out its
energy. And so what an antioxidant does
is it basically can donate an electron
to this unbalanced free radical and then
kind of calm it down so it doesn't want
to damage anything anymore. So that's
how antioxidants work. So that's how
Mito works. It's basically got an extra
electron that it can just sort of donate
to things and then you know calm down
that oxidative stress. So that is the
secret. That's what Mito does. Um, why
is Mito so different than all the other
antioxidants I'm sure you've heard of.
We all could have have heard about like,
oh, you know, drink this berry juice.
It's got lots of antioxidants. Mito is
special because it's been engineered to
be an antioxidant that gets into that
mitochondria. Remember how I told you
it's really hard to get things in the
mitochondria? Mito was invented, I think
you probably have heard this, in New
Zealand as a way to make a CoQ10 that
can get into the mitochondria easily.
And CoQ10 is what is called a natural
antioxidant that your mitochondria make
to protect itself. But as you get older,
you make less and less CoQ10. And nobody
knows quite why, but it's just simply
something that it's been shown again and
again. So, you know, this scientist,
Mike Murphy, and this other scientist,
uh, Rob Smith, we're trying to figure
out what could we do about the fact that
CoQ10 can't get into the mitochondria.
Let's make this special molecule has a
special tag on it that allows to get
sucked into the mitochondria and act as
an antioxidant and protect your
mitochondria better. So, that's how they
made mito.
And this is kind of how it looks, right?
So, here's Mito Q and here's CoQ10. And
the main part that's acting as
antioxidant are these like little red
dots right here. They're this they're
the part that can give the electron, you
know, donated to something else like a
free radical. And then this part down
here is this triphenol phosphonium ion.
You don't have to remember that. It's
not an important thing. Um, but the idea
is it's very positively charged and the
mitochondria is very negatively charged.
So it basically gets sucked into the
mitochondria is this positively charged
thing that the mitochondria is trying to
like you know sort of balance itself
out. Nature is all about balance. It
really is. There's just a lot of it
going on. So yeah, that is basically the
beauty of Mitoq. It's this very special
thing that get into the mitochondria
better than anything else ever really.
And there's studies that have been shown
this you know in terms of other things
like other kinds of antioxidant into
mito mitochondria like mitoching
mitochondria. So this is a picture of
mitochondria against um a lot of damage
from these free radicals which are these
little sort of like sparky things right
here. Um, it's preventing those free
radicals from leaking into the water
cell that damage, as I say, like your
DNA and your proteins and all the rest.
Protects against membrane damage. It
also upregulates um your natural
antioxidants.
So, that's also really important too to
protect your your mitochondria, protects
against DNA damage, and it supports
clean energy production, which is that
idea of like, you know, talking about
the coal plant. If you can make energy
with less air pollution, if you can make
ATP, which is the energy currency of the
cell, with less oxidative stress, then
like you've won the game. So, so that's
what it is. Are there any questions? I
know I talk fast and sometimes I get
excited and I try to like get a little
bit too fancy with with the analogies,
but I hope it's clear.
>> Yeah.
>> And just FYI, um I have put people on
mute or everybody on mute. So if you do
have a question any point just remember
to unmute yourself.
>> Ah okay. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely put you
on mute and
>> Okay.
>> Um this slide is just something that
I've had so many people ask me about the
differences of CoQ10 and Mito that I
just feel like it's good to have this
slide to just really point out how it's
different from CoQ10 because I'm sure
you've all have heard of CoQ10. Um, but
the the main thing is CoQ10 is a great
antioxidant on its own. It's just
doesn't really get into many places.
It's absorbed really badly into the body
in general. You know, you have to take a
fatty foods to have any kind of hope of
getting it absorbed. Um, but even then
when you take it, it kind of very slowly
gets taken up into like organs and
tissue and it really doesn't go into the
mitochondria at all, like barely any of
it. So, you need to take tons of it. Um,
and this is this is also I think where
you know when people try to take Mito
like they're always probably you know
fighting against the fact that most of
it's just getting like flushed out of
your body right away. I just want to
also point out this study about Mito
versus CoQ10. This is the one study that
we actually looked at trying to
understand how Mito is working
differently than CoQ10. And you know
mainly what we showed in this study is
we gave Mito 20 mugs a day or 6 weeks to
middle-aged men. Um and then also gave
another group of men CoQ10 in the form
of cunol is like a really popular brand
of CoQ10. And what we saw was that for
muscle mitochondria reactive oxygen
species the mitoq dose decreased those
reactive oxygen species. This is called
hydrogen peroxide. This is a really
particularly bad form of reactive oxygen
species. But uh CoQ10 did not do
anything really. It was not
significantly changing your free
radicals. So that's kind of I would say
our proof that we saw that you know
CoQ10 is really not getting to the
mitochondria where it needs to be in
your muscles at least. Um but Mito is.
And then we also looked at a few other
things in the muscle like these uh
antioxidant enzymes that are also really
important for protecting your
mitochondria. And we saw interestingly
that mito could increase catalase which
is a really I would say key antioxidant
enzyme and CoQ10 wasn't really doing
anything at all. So that's just kind of
you know because people are always
saying like prove that it's different
than CoQ10. This is what I would say is
our proof.
Um so I am now going to go into clinical
studies but I will tell you we have so
many clinical studies that I cannot tell
you all of them. We have about 24 that
have been completed another 30 or so in
the pipeline. Hundreds of millions of
dollars have been spent on Mitoq. So,
you know, we have a lot of data that
like literally if you want to know if
Mito can affect XYZ, I could probably
find you some study that that indicates
of whether it can or not. Um, so just
let me know if you've got like any
particular question on what it can do.
This one I did want to go into because I
I think this is a really pivotal study
of um Mito for vascular function which
is I think some something that I I don't
know if people are always thinking about
their heart as much as they should. I
mean mostly you know we live our life
feeling pretty healthy and all the rest
but as I said at the very beginning most
of us will die of some sort of heart
related dysfunction. Um, you know,
there's cancer, there's other things,
but this is really the thing that will
probably kill the majority of us. You
know, stroke or, you know, other types
of things that are affecting our heart.
Um, and one of the best ways you can
actually even understand if you're aging
or not is your arteries start to harden.
This is a classic sign of aging. And
very few things can stop your arteries
from hardering hardening which is is a
big deal because if you can't keep your
arteries flexible, you can't keep blood
flow optimal to all your organs. And
this is going to affect your brain
function. This is going to affect your
muscles. This is going to affect how
much you can regenerate because yeah,
you need all that blood, those nutrients
getting to everywhere at the right
amounts. And so, you know, this this
blood flow thing is super important. Um
and what they saw with Mitoq is that
after six weeks of Mitoq given to people
who are you know somewhat older 60 to 79
uh years that they were able to show
that vasod deletion was improved by 42%
um with mitoq and it also decreased this
really important type of cholesterol
called oxidized LDL. I think you've all
heard of LDL cholesterol is like the bad
cholesterol but actually why is it bad?
It's bad because it's very easily
oxidized. So, it gets attacked by those
free radicals. Once it gets attacked by
those free radicals, it then starts to
damage your arteries. It makes a scar on
your arteries. Once you have a scar in
your arteries, that scar can start to be
filled with plaque and that is how you
get clogged arteries. So, that's
actually why people have heart attacks
is this clogging of arteries. And so
this is where oxidized LDL was like a
really really bad um biioarker for your
overall aging and heart health. Um and
Mito is also able to decrease that as
well too. And lastly as I said you know
this aortic or artery stiffening artery
hardening was also reduced by mito. So
this is I think you know across the
board all these different indications of
how good you know Mito is for your
vascule for your heart for your arteries
and the way that your blood can then
keep you healthy as well.
Now I'm going to switch over to another
pivotal study which is on exercise
because for sure you know without a
doubt I'm sure you've heard this before
exercise is the very best thing you can
do for your health. And what I always
hear is people saying like, "Oh, but you
know, I just I just don't feel like it.
I don't feel very good. You know, it's
really hard for me." And so I always
like to point out that something like
mio can make it so exercise can go
better for you, right? So it's that
little boost. And so for instance, um,
in this particular area, like they tried
to show whether, you know, people who
are middle-aged, you know, that maybe
have not exercised a ton in their lives.
if you try to see how well they can do a
very very like difficult thing which is
a time trial. I don't know if you guys
have heard of time trials what they are.
It's basically when you have to like
bike as fast as you can until you feel
like you're going to explode. You're
going to just die. It's really hard. Um
they were like, "Okay, let's see if Mito
can make it so that that's an easier
thing." And what they did show is that
they can make it actually an easier
thing. So, you know, they could complete
this really hard time trial faster. they
had better energy output and when they
completed that really really stressful,
you know, exercise that they had less of
these isoprostates which are a really
important marker of inflammation. And
inflammation is basically, you know,
when you you've made your muscles really
unhappy and and somewhat damaged and
they're no longer going to be working as
well and you have to then wait for them
to recover. Well, now this is making it
so if you take Mito, your muscles can
recover quicker because they're having
less inflammation.
So, yeah. So, I think this is another
nice thing to just also recognize about
something like Mito. It's helping your
muscles work as well. And this one I
think is a very perfect example of how
you can take exercise, which as I said,
you know, so good for your health and
mito and see that they are of
synergistic effects. So this is where uh
they took once again um male subjects
still works for women. I can also show
you some women's studies as well who are
a little bit older and hypertensive and
they gave six weeks of Mitoq 20
milligrams again with or without
moderate exercise. So like this exercise
regime and they saw that um with Mitoq
just alone you could improve their blood
pressure and you could also improve
these oxidative stress markers like um
MDA. MD is another one that kind of
causes inflammation and you know sort of
wear and tear in your muscles and they
they saw that you know exercise could do
a good job too but when you combine them
together it was like even more powerful
so there's like this nice synergy so I
think this is really important because
sometimes people are sort of saying you
know like what's the point of of like
you know exercise if it's really hard
for me you know is it going to be like a
big benefit well Mito can help that
benefit it and it'll also synergize so
you're getting more out of it.
And so I will say, you know, what I was
really delighted to see actually last
week was another study on exercise, but
this time with people with multiple
scerosis. And what they were trying to
show here is not so much whether they
can actually stave off multiple scerosis
because those kinds of studies are
really really long and like very
involved. What they're trying to do here
is do a pilot study. So you know just
that they had the hypothesis that maybe
Mitoq can help with multiple scerosis.
So let's first look at some biomarkers
that might indicate that it will be good
and beneficial in the long run for
multiple scerosis symptoms. So that's
what they are trying to do in this
study. So they basically just gave for
eight weeks. So, you know, not enough
time to make a huge difference in
function, but enough difference to start
to see whether, you know, these
biomarkers that are very indicative of,
you know, multiple scerosis dysfunction
can be changed. And then they're also
interested to see how exercise can also,
you know, have an effect on these kind
of inflammatory markers. And so they
paired Mito with exercise. This is just
to give you an idea of what the exercise
was. It's not a crazy amount of
exercise. is basically 5 minutes of
warm-up, 20 minutes of exercise training
at around, you know, 50% of your maximum
heart rate and then a 5 minute cool
down. So, not really crazy. And then
they looked at um these inflammation
markers like isle six. And what I
thought was really interesting is they
looked at both premenopausal and
menopausal women because I am sure you
guys have all heard that once you go
through menopause, you know, this
protective estrogen goes down. You know,
it kind of drops to almost like male
level and you start getting a lot more
of these I would say kind of diseases of
aging like I mentioned like heart
disease, you get like more diabetes.
You've probably all heard, you know,
after menopause, you're just
accumulating a lot more fat and you're
having a lot more inflammation. And so
you can see here that during menopause,
you actually are just having a lot more
inflammation in general. It's just it's
just happening. Um, so Mito is maybe not
doing as much of an effect, but it still
is having a synergy with exercise, which
I think once again is very cool. But
with premenopause, you can see that Mito
is having a really strong effect as is
exercise. So I think what I would just
venture to say here is that it's really
clear that before menopause it's really
important to exercise and also you know
protect your mitochondria and keep all
this um going as well as you can because
it'll be a lot more difficult after you
go through menopause. Um, but I will say
interestingly, this is a little bit of a
side, uh, there's now a whole field,
believe it or not, of looking at ways to
stave off menopause is a way to stave
off biological aging, which I think is
such a fascinating area. So, there's a
lot of data out there that shows if you
have menopause at a much later age, this
is also going to be predictive of you
having a longer and healthier lifespan,
which, you know, is is sort of cool. So
keep your your ovaries healthy and keep
your uh yourself healthy and you will
probably also have those effects as
well.
Um I am probably just going to really
lightly touch on this one because this
is another study that just came out I
think actually literally maybe like
three days ago where they're trying to
see if Mito can have an effect for
diabetes. And I thought this was really
cool because they were like, how do you
show like the very first sort of like
start of diabetes? You know, what is the
damage that's happening that brings
about diabetes? And what diabetes really
seems to be is like this this
inflammation and oxidative stress that's
occurring, especially in the
mitochondria, that's brought about by
too much sugar and fat in your
bloodstream. So they mimicked too much
sugar and fat in your bloodstream by
having people take what's called a bolus
lipid challenge. So basically they made
people take like a huge amount of fat
all at once. It's like having like a
huge pizza or something like that um to
see what kind of stress this would cause
on your body. And what they saw was just
this one lipid challenge basically made
you a little bit diabetic like right
away. So it made you insulin
insensitive.
Then they took Mito and wanted to
explore whether this could, you know,
keep your insulin sensitive still. So
you could still have, you know, this
ability to take in this glucose, you
know, and these lipids that you just
took on in a more kind of appropriate
fashion and decrease oxidative stress as
well. And what they saw was that Mito
actually could. So it made it so that
you know your insulin was like more
robust and it also made these glute 4
transfers which are allowing glucose to
be taken up in your muscle cells more
active. So you're getting rid of that
glucose so it's not just sitting around
in your blood causing oxidative stress
and inflammation. It's inside your
muscles where it can like then now be
used as energy. So, I thought this is
really cool, you know, kind of the very
first start of how diabetes is caused.
You know, Mito might be a way to just
keep that from happening. Um, early
days, but I thought it was I thought it
was really encouraging. So, I wanted to
share that with you.
Um,
lastly, I So, I've been showing you all
these clinical studies, but this is
another one that I'm just really fond of
because I'm a brain scientist. I wanted
to talk a lot more about the brain than
I usually can because I have to really
focus on the heart. That's where monito
is working best. But I thought this is
really fascinating um as an animal study
because they were trying to see um how
air pollution causes you know brain
dysfunction and I don't know if you're
aware for instance that if you live for
instance like like less than a mile away
from major highway you will have higher
risk of getting Alzheimer's right. So
all that that pollution that oxidative
stress from like air pollution can
affect your brain function over time. Um
so you know obviously you can't test on
humans like let's like give them lots of
air pollution and see what happens. Um,
so what they use here is a mouse study
where they exposed mice to these carbon
particulates which are very similar to
like what you find in car pollution or
wildfires and saw that um when they're
giving mitoching
water for these mice, it helped the mice
stayed not only more cognitively
healthy, um, it also improved their
mood. Believe it or not, you can
actually measure mood in mice. I've done
this many times myself. um kind of
interesting but you know they also saw
too of obviously your lung function was
better um and this is all to do with
keeping your mitochondria happy so they
were also measuring the mitochondria in
your brain and your lungs and saw that
these are all functioning much better
with mitoq so I thought this was
interesting just because you know
especially in the US you're probably
aware we're having wildfires all the
time and places like China where we saw
a lot of mitoq there's a lot of air
pollution so um yeah so it's it's
another way to protect yourself.
Uh, so I'm now wrapping up. I didn't
want to like make you have to like
listen to me forever, but the main thing
I wanted to let you know of is some
studies that are kind of interesting for
you. Um, we have one on fatigue and
multiple scerosis, which is literally
just finishing up right now. So, we're
really excited to see how that looks. As
soon as we have data on it, I am happy
to share that with you. So, any any
moment now. Um we have a whole bunch on
other kinds of brain disease which I
think is really fascinating. We have it
on schizophrenia
on something that we call frailty.
Frailty is basically when you get you
know really kind of like have difficulty
being mobile and you have difficulty
walking and this usually comes
handinhand with also cognitive
dysfunction that can lead to
Alzheimer's. So we're looking basically
at whether Mitoq can stave off
Alzheimer's and also this you know kind
of mobility issue. Um we also have a lot
of neurovvascular function studies. So
you know once again seeing if you can
kind of keep that blood flow to the
brain better for better cognition. Um
and also a recent one that's so recent I
haven't actually put it on this list in
ALS. So that's another one that we're
really excited about. Taking a while to
have that one get done. It'll probably
be a couple years but um yeah. So, just
wanted to let you know some of the
studies that we're we're trying to look
at. We even have one in COVID, believe
it or not, though doesn't seem like
anyone's getting COVID these days. Um,
but we definitely hear of long COVID and
we we think long CO is actually another
thing can help with
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]