Golfers love to over complicate the golf
swing, but the way we move our arms in
the golf swing is probably one of the
most misunderstood and over complicated
concepts that golfers seem to struggle
with. So, in this video, we're going to
go through how the arms should be moving
in the swing and also show you a couple
of simple drills that you can do to
educate your arms on what they should be
doing in the golf swing, as well as
develop the muscles in the arms to be
able to make that move with more power
and increase club head speed. So, we
could do a hundred videos on all of the
wrong ways to swing the golf club, but I
want to focus really just on what to do
right in this video. All the arms are
doing in the golf swing is a very simple
lifting and lowering motion. Okay?
Because golfers set up to the golf ball
here and have to take the club from this
position to this position. We naturally
want to help that by pulling the arm
back to this position. And we think that
we need to get the club from here to
here by moving the arm around our
bodies. The guys over in Athletic Motion
Golf have a fantastic video that I'll
try to link here if I can where they
walk through this in a lot more detail
than I'm going to get into here. So, if
I just stand straight up, all my arm
really should be doing is raising right
up over my right shoulder and then
falling right back down my right head.
And this doesn't feel right to us
because we feel like, okay, we're here.
If I just raise my arms up, it's not
getting the club any closer to this
position where we need it to be at the
top. We feel like we need to make this
type of a motion with our arm, swing it
around our body to be able to get it
from this position back behind us where
it can get up over our heads. But if I
just stand straight up in just a normal
standing position and I hold the golf
club in my my right hand and I just lift
my arms straight up so the club's now
kind of pointing right over my right
shoulder. Take my left hand, put it on
the club, then my knees get into golf
posture and now make a pivot. Look where
the golf club is. It's exactly where we
want to have it at the top of the back
swing. It's perfect position at the top.
And then if I undo this by just turning
back to the camera, coming out of my
posture and standing up, look where the
club is, right where we started with it
with the right arm pointing the club
right over our right shoulder. So, in
reality, again, if I put a club in my
hands, all I'm doing with the the arms
on the swing, and I I'll just focus on
the the right arm, but the trail arm,
the right-handed golfer for this uh for
this part of the the video, all I'm
doing is lifting the club straight up
over my right shoulder, and then
dropping it right back down to my right
hand. Add the left hand to that, and
it's just the the right hand's connected
to the club just like the left is. So,
the hands are going to work together. So
if I add my left hand to that, it's just
if I look at the left arm, it's going
through my left hip of over my right
shoulder or my right hand is already at
and this is where our arms are going to
go at the top of my swing. So what we
like to do if I'm standing straight up
and I say, okay, now I want to, you
know, feel like I help it by swinging
around my body. Well, let's try this.
Get back into golf posture and make our
pivot. And now look where our hands are
and look where the club head is way over
here over our heads. What does this mean
now on the way down? If I make my
correct turn, now look where the club
head is. So, in trying to help get the
club back around us, once we turn back
to the left, what we've actually done is
gotten it over the top of the plane and
put ourselves in a position to come slot
over the top and hit this big cut with
this big pull. So, ideally, we're going
to set up to the ball with our right
elbow right over our right hip and then
our hands are going to be slightly ahead
of that around our belt buckles. But
then from this, we're just going to
raise that right elbow up to about
shoulder height. And then drop that
right elbow to our side, right over our
hip, where our hands are going to be
right on our belt line. And then we're
going to be able to turn directly into
the correct impact position. a really
simple, pretty commonly known exercise
you can do in the gym. It's amazing to
educate your arm on what it should be
doing as well as build strength and
speed in those muscles so that you can
do this with more power and create more
club head speed. And that's just to take
a simple battle rope. If you grab a
battle rope at your local gym, pick it
up, hold it in one hand, lift it up over
your right shoulder, and then slam it
back down in a straight line. This is
great for a few reasons. Number one, if
you are getting out of whack with your
uh with this, it's going to be more
pronounced with the battle rope in your
hands. Right? If I try to take it back
to the right, it's going to really
you're going to be able to see how out
of line that is. Where ideally, if I'm
doing this in the in the gym, I want to
see that adult rope tracing a straight
line up and down right over my right
side.
But it's also great because it requires
you to develop the correct rhythm to
generate maximum power. If I try to lift
that battle rope up and then slam it
down as fast as I can from the top, it's
I'm not going to get as much power.
Ideally, you're going to lift the battle
rope up, transition it, and then start
to slam. You're going to accelerate your
hands toward the ground after you've
changed directions. So, it's great for
showing you what the correct rhythm
should be in the golf swing. And we can
get into the nuances sometimes of what
should the elbow be doing, what should
the hand be doing, what should the wrist
be doing. And I can tell you, you know,
if the correct movement with the right
arm, it's it's not going to be raising
the hands by bending the elbow, and it's
not going to be raising the club head
strictly by bending the wrist. You've
got to have this raising motion at the
shoulder joint. which is going to bring
the elbow up to to shoulder height. But
that's not to say that you have to have
it completely straight. Your arm is
going to have some natural fold to it.
Should that be exactly 30° or 45° or 50°
and how much is too much? That's where
we could, you know, that's a different
video for a different day. But in that
battle rope drill, that's you wouldn't
slam a battle rope by keeping your arm
completely straight. You also wouldn't
slam the battle rope by just pulling it
straight to your shoulder and and
slamming it back down without, you know,
raising from the shoulder. You would
naturally pull it up, slam it down. And
as you pull it up, there's going to be
some wrist hinge. There's going to be
some elbow bend. And then as you
transition and start to take it back
down, you're going to straighten the
right elbow. You're going to release
that hand naturally down into the ground
to pop it. But because you're going to
get with so much weight in the battle
rope, you're going to have to engage the
right muscles and the right sequence to
be able to deliver the the power that
you want to to slam that rep back down
the ground as much as you can. It's the
same thing with the golf swing. Yes,
there's going to be some bending of the
elbow and hinging of the wrist into the
top. And as we come back down, there
does come a point where we're going to
start to release that elbow and release
those wrists. But we don't get there by
thinking, okay, set the wrist 45°, turn
45°, now bend the elbow 10°, now turn
more, and then we don't process it that
way. We at least we don't process it
that way very productively. But when we
just take a battle rope and try to
figure out how to slam it as as far as
we can, our body naturally starts to
figure out what that rhythm sequence
should feel like. you may not be able to
necessarily, especially every time, go
straight up and straight down with it.
One thing I will say is to if you're
going to air on one side versus the
other. I would 10 times rather see this
motion going up and clockwise than to
see it going up and then
counterclockwise. where if you're a
right-handed golfer, I would air on the
side of up and then down to the right
rather than up to the right and then
back down to the left because this
motion if it's moving in a clockwise
direction is going to be a shallowing
move from the back swing to the down
swing where if I am reversing it this
way and rotating the arm
counterclockwise, that's going to
translate into an over the top move,
which is not what we want. So, ideally,
we want it to be in a straight line or a
slight loop that is moving in a
clockwise direction for a right-handed
player. You know what's even simpler
than moving your arms correctly in the
golf swing? Like in the video that
taught you how to move the arms
correctly in the golf swing. Seriously,
it probably took me like an hour to make
this video. It's going to take you like
30 minutes to learn how to do this. It's
not going to take you more than 3
seconds to just like find the little
thumbs up button and click on it until
it turns white. So, like you can go
ahead and do that right now while I'm
talking and it's super easy. It'll help
support our channel. So, stop over
complicating the movement of your arms
in the swing. We don't need to help the
club get behind us. We're going to lift
the club straight up. And then the turn
of the body is what gets the golf club
behind us. And then from the top, for
heaven's sakes, don't try to help the
arms get back out to the towards the
ball. Again, the body turning is what
moves the golf club back around the
bottom. You don't need to help it by
moving the arm around your body at all.
There's still a sequence that has to
take place as you do this. If I get to
the correct position and then I turn and
then I come back without dropping the
arms, just because I get it in the
correct position at the top doesn't
promise that I'm going to get to the
correct position at the bottom. You
still have to do the second part of that
movement. So from the top, you got to
drop the arms as you turn back to the
left. So you are moving the club up to
here as you turn back. But then from
here you are moving the arm back down
as you're returning to the left. So if
you're getting it correct here and
you're turning without dropping the
arms, you're going to get over the top.
Or if you turn to here and then drop
without turning, you're going to get
flat. Hope this helps. Thanks for
watching M strength.
[Music]