They call it the mutiny of the Malagasi,
the grand show of solidarity that
brought down the government of
Madagascar. Over the span of the last 3
weeks, young people across the nation
have taken to the streets, joining a
rising tide of fed up, discontented Gen
Zers pushing back against corrupt
governments all across the globe. With
the One Piece Jolly Roger flying high in
the background, young people demanded
the downfall of President Andre
Aragelina, a man who has become
synonymous with exploitation, elite
corruption, and military rule. Today,
Andre Regginelina has fled the country.
The nation's military has come out in
force to support the protesters. And
Madagascar's youth have given the nation
a second chance. At the same time,
Madagascar has found itself at the
center of a political minefield where
some paths lead to a military regime.
Some paths lead to more of the status
quo. And there are only a few ways out
where the nation and its people can
realize a brighter future. On the
islands in the Indian Ocean, Gen Z just
overthrew another government. And what
happens now is anybody's guess. And now
a quick word from our sponsor, me. Or
more precisely, my website fronts.co.
Have you ever found yourself thinking,
you know, there's just not enough
content on Warfront. Six videos a week
is just not enough for me. I want the
world to be crazier. I want more war,
more death. Well, one, what's wrong with
you? and two, well, great news. Extra
Warfronts content is now at your
fingertips over at front.co. Look at
that. Look at that. Yes. Starting this
very week, we'll be posting two
exclusive videos every week to our new
subscriber only website, fronts.co.
For just $5 a month, you'll gain access
to brand new Warfronts content that
won't be available on YouTube. Our first
videos are already up exploring topics
as timely as whether Poland could win a
war against Russia and as timeless as
how South Korea came to build the best
tank on Earth. And to sweeten the deal,
we're also asking our writers to
contribute two in-depth written articles
each week exploring some unusual or less
appreciated angle on geopolitics and
warfare. So, not only will you get more
of the videos you love, you'll also get
a chance to read some of our writer
unfiltered takes on war news. So look,
if you like this channel, you'll love
fronts.co. Again, $5 a month. It helps
support us here at Front Warfronts
Political Fronts and Fronts.co. And
nothing is changing here. I have learned
from the mistakes of past YouTubers. We
are not doing a pay wall on any existing
content. The six videos a week will be
here for you just as before. It's all
just gravy, baby. Don't know why I went
all lost in powers there, but uh yeah,
fronts.co. Just go there. Good domain,
right? It was expensive.
[Music]
Life in modern Madagascar is not awful,
but it's not easy. Western audiences who
might know Madagascar, mostly for the
combination of its lemurs and a 2005
DreamWorks film that still holds up
today, by the way, might be disappointed
to learn that Madagascar is one of the
poorest nations in the world. there.
Three out of every four people live
below the poverty line, including a high
proportion of people who live in extreme
poverty. Transportation and sanitation
infrastructure are poor, the water
supply is lacking, and the nation is
subject to frequent rolling blackouts to
try and keep the power system at least
somewhat online. The island is one of
the most vulnerable places in the world
when it comes to natural diseases and
the es and flows of a changing climate.
But running through all the nation's
problems and making all of them worse at
once is corruption. Rampant, extreme,
and pretty damn shameless corruption. In
this corner of the world, corruption
isn't limited to a political leader here
or a local official there. It is
endemic. It is fundamental to the way
that ordinary people and their political
leaders do business. And it comes with
disastrous repercussions for the
population. Political patronage networks
are baked deep into the system.
Organized criminals collaborate with
government officials regularly.
Smuggling and trafficking occur at very
high rates. And what little Madagascar
actually has, you can be sure that the
national elites are skimming off the
top. At the center of Madagascar's
political malaise is the man who's led
the nation in one form or another since
2009. Andre Regalina. Once a media
magnate, Relina came to power through a
military coup and then ruled through a
successor whose name, oh my lord,
really? Harry Rajinar Pianina,
dude.
All right, it's on the screen. It's on
the screen. That's his name. Let's just
call him HR. Then Ralina returned to
power in 2019 and was reelected under
shady circumstances in 2023 despite
having presided over a famine, making up
his own COVID cure that didn't work.
Surprise. and has been implicated in the
widespread use of spywear against his
own people. To the extent that he's even
given the most basic lip service to
anti-corruption efforts, they've been
exactly that, lip service where Relina
can sacrifice an underling here or a
minister there in order to take the heat
off the vast majority of people engaged
in his larger corrupt system. Although
Rangelina has presided over a period of
economic growth in Madagascar, he's also
the reason that ordinary people haven't
felt that growth as new wealth is
instead funneled into the more of the
corrupt regime. Suffice to say, things
under Relina haven't exactly been
brilliant. And for young people
especially, the outlook for the future
has been very bleak for quite some time
now. So when a series of youthled
protests brought about the fall of a
similarly corrupt government in Nepal
and set off similar Gen Z protest
movements everywhere from Morocco to
Peru to the Philippines, the youth of
Madagascar decided to get in on that
game. Drawing on lessons learned from
Nepal and elsewhere, Transparency
International helped to organize the
first of a series of rallies in
Madagascar's capital city, Antenna. A
few days later, prominent opposition
leaders issued a public call to protest
under a movement whose name translates
to we refuse to be trampled. Student
organizations and youth leaders answered
the call, adopting the imagery from the
anime One Piece that we've discussed in
a prior episode on this channel and
swapping out the show's traditional
straw hat for a similar piece of
headgear worn around Madagascar. Before
long, protesters were gathering in the
thousands, and the national police
rallied to respond. Law enforcement
regularly deployed tear gas and
so-called less lethal rubber bullets are
still perfectly capable of maming or
even killing a person if they get hit
just right or wrong, I suppose.
According to medical sources, the
violence by state forces was far worse
than that with groups of protesters
showing up dead with wounds consistent
with the use of live ammunition. As the
time of writing, 22 protesters have died
in Madagascar along with hundreds
injured and the death toll may rise by
the time this episode is released. As
police stepped up their use of force,
the protesters responded in kind,
burning public infrastructure and other
institutions that were seen as
representing the garish spending of the
national government. In a time when
ordinary people were hardly scraping by,
protesters quickly began to barricade
the streets, and at times gatherings
descended into looting. Although on
balance, the protesters remained
diligent in directing their outrage
towards symbols of government excess.
Nor were they shy about targeting
members of the ruling elite, setting
fire to the homes of politicians who
were close allies of Relina. As the
protests grew more dangerous to attend,
young people responded by mustering even
greater numbers, now including a higher
population of secondary schoolers. Labor
unions organized a general strike.
Protests spread outward to the less
populous provinces, and the world began
to take notice. The Relina government
attempted to respond, of course, and
they chose to focus their efforts in two
key directions at once, controlling the
narrative and working to appease the
protesters enough to get them to calm
down. In both cases, the government
failed spectacularly.
National police began to turn their
weapons toward journalists, targeting
and beating people who they knew to be
members of the press on multiple
occasions. While the government worked
to rally counterprotesters and blunt the
protesters's momentum, the
counterprotesters failed to turn out in
large numbers and didn't seem to care
about protecting Relina nearly as much
as Jenz cared about bringing him down.
While the efforts to silence journalists
just made the press speak even louder
about the movement. As for appeasement,
Relina offered to fire ministers and
even announced in late September that he
would dissolve his entire government.
But those were half measures and the
protesters knew that. They continued
their work in the streets and continued
to make their message to Radelina
crystal clear. We don't care about them.
We're coming for you.
All right. So, it's about at this point
in the story that Madagascar's Gen Z
protest movement starts to take on a
different tone. And although we
understand that it risks diluting the
protesters's message, it's absolutely
essential that we talk about it. What
happened next in Madagascar, for better
or for worse, was a military coup. Now,
we should be very clear here that Relina
and his government had started crying
foul about the protesters attempting a
coup long before anything to that effect
actually happened. But it's time that we
introduce one final player into this
story. A particular military unit called
Capsat. Now, look, Capsat isn't a
frontline unit in Madagascar's small and
quite underpowered military. But because
of the role that CAPSAT fills, the rest
of the country's military has to listen
when it chooses to act. CAPSAT basically
oversees many aspects of the country's
largest military branch, its army, from
personnel to logistics to all the other
functions that keep the military in
working order. But they're also
important here because of their history.
Back in 2009, it was Capsat that
intervened directly to elevate
Madagascar's current leader, President
Relina himself. And for Caps to be
feeling buyers remorse on the president
sends a louder message than well just
about anything else. Relina hasn't been
popular among the Capsat ranks for some
time. Instead, the unit is led by elites
who've been marginalized by the Relina
government, but who still have extensive
connections all up and down Madagascar
society. Caps has authority over the
army pull with the national elite and
the historical precedent to be the
authority on regime change in
Madagascar. And on the 11th of October
2025, CAPSAT chose to take to the
streets. When they did, the unit's
leaders called on the nation's entire
military to step up, support, and
protect the Gen Z movement in the
streets. Their forces joined up with
protesters in massive columns, and by
the end of the day, they'd locked down
the central neighborhoods in the
capital. Despite occasional limited
firefights, Caps faced no real
opposition in seizing control of the
city streets, and before long, the unit
turned its attention toward locking down
the rest of the country. Relina took
notice and publicly decrieded what was
happening as a military coup, but
insisted, at least for about a day, that
he retain power over the nation and
would deal with the Caps mutiny. But by
the evening hours on the 13th of
October, the game was up for Relina, who
was revealed to have fled the country.
According to France 24's Madagascar
correspondent Reginalina quote left in
his helicopter from the presidential
palace to the island of Samarie in the
east of the country where a French
military aircraft was waiting for him.
The transfer lasted a few minutes at the
end of the runway. No one saw the
president board the military aircraft
and thanks to the French army he was
able to reach the island of Reunion.
There another plane was waiting for him.
A private jet from the German company
Vista Jet who took the president to
Dubai where he arrived this Monday
morning. It was a daring and secretive
escape, assisted by the French
government and pulled off without a
hitch. But in a practical sense, it
meant Relina had admitted checkmate. The
president had fled the country. The old
corrupt government had fallen and
Madagascar's students and its soldiers
had taken back control of their nation.
Now, at this point, we should issue a
quick caveat because although we've
caught up to what's happening in
Madagascar at the time of writing,
there's a good chance that the situation
will continue to evolve by the time you
see this episode. As such, everything
we've discussed today is accurate, as of
midnight, headed into Tuesday, October
the 14th, local time in Antarivo. Most
recently, at that time, Rajelina has
finally made a long-awaited address to
the nation from afar, claiming that he
fled to a safe place in order to protect
his own life. It's not clear whether
he'll agree to step down or attempt to
form a government in exile, but at least
for the short term, it appears that
Relina and his close allies do not
intend to quickly return home. Right
now, the most important question to
answer is a question in two parts. Who's
in charge right now? And who are they
going to place in charge moving forward?
Madagascar does still have a robust
political opposition and Relina is
likely to be impeached in absentia. But
the situation on the grounds pretty
complicated. According to opposition
leaders speaking anonymously to the
global press, there are now fears that
CAPSAT is essentially taking direct
control of the nation, especially since
the unit appointed a new chief of staff
for the army who would in turn take
direct command of the unit and thus
exercise practical control over the
island. Remember, CAPS came out in force
to join the protest movement, but they
are deeply tied in with Madagascar's
political and business elite. Just
sections of the elite that didn't have
much love for Relina himself. The
nation's defense minister may also be in
a position to exercise direct control.
He didn't flee the country like others
of Relina's former ministers, and he's
reportedly become a power broker in
close meetings with political, civic,
and religious leaders. The fact that
those meetings are happening at all
might be a good sign. But unfortunately,
it's far too early to know for sure.
Even if power is transferred peacefully
to new civilian leaders, there are no
guarantees that Madagascar's student
protesters are going to witness the
change they wanted to bring about. As we
said at the outset of this episode,
corruption is endemic across
Madagascar's political elite. And that's
just as true for the opposition as it is
for Relina and his close allies. The
national military, led in this moment by
CAPSAT, is in the position to throw its
support behind leaders who will further
its preferred objectives. And there are
no guarantees that Caps will choose to
honor ideals of democracy and
anti-corruption instead of looking for
ways to line their own pockets and the
pockets of their elite allies. At a
moment when Gen Z protests are on the
rise, this is the danger that comes from
this type of mass mobilization. Try to
overthrow the government without a plan
for what comes next. And people who do
have a plan for what comes next may
co-opt that movement in order to advance
themselves. We certainly hope that's not
what's happening in Madagascar. But
right now, there's a place for a bit of
healthy skepticism, isn't there? Now
with luck, the thing that comes next in
Madagascar will be a grand national
dialogue bringing together student
protest leaders, trusted voices from
political and civil society, and the
most effective anti-corruption advocates
that Madagascar has to offer. If the
nation's leaders are able to meet the
challenge of this moment, Madagascar
could set itself on a path to far
greater prosperity for all its people
and toward a brighter future than the
one that existed under Relina. But as
difficult and as bloody as the Gen Z
protests were in Madagascar, they were
still the easy part. The real challenge
to chart a path out of a legacy of
endemic corruption starts now. Thank you
for watching.